!STD
Residential Gas Generator Market size is set to grow by USD 599.9 million from 2024-2028, Growing popularity of gas generators boost the market, Technavio

        Wednesday - August 07: (RWE) - The global residential gas generator market size is estimated to grow by USD 599.9 million from 2024-2028, according to Technavio. The market is estimated to grow at a CAGR of 7.08% during the forecast period. Growing popularity of gas generators is driving market growth, with a trend towards emerging alternative backup power packs. However, availability of alternatives poses a challenge. Key market players include Aggreko Plc, Atlas Copco AB, Briggs and Stratton LLC, Caterpillar Inc., Champion Power Equipment Inc., Cummins Inc., DuroMax Power Equipment, Generac Holdings Inc., Honda Motor Co. Ltd., Kohler Co., PR INDUSTRIAL Srl, Pulsar Products Inc., Rolls Royce Holdings Plc, WEN Products, and Yanmar Holdings Co. Ltd..
        Aggreko Plc, Atlas Copco AB, Briggs and Stratton LLC, Caterpillar Inc., Champion Power Equipment Inc., Cummins Inc., DuroMax Power Equipment, Generac Holdings Inc., Honda Motor Co. Ltd., Kohler Co., PR INDUSTRIAL Srl, Pulsar Products Inc., Rolls Royce Holdings Plc, WEN Products, and Yanmar Holdings Co. Ltd.
        The residential gas generator market is facing significant competition from alternative backup power solutions, particularly those utilizing battery power packs and inverter technology. Traditional generators have been the go-to backup power equipment, but their high fuel and equipment costs, maintenance requirements, and emission regulations have driven demand for more cost-effective and eco-friendly alternatives. Power packs, which consist of large batteries coupled with inbuilt inverters, offer user-friendly features such as AC wall plug-styled outlets and USB ports. These compact units are easy to design, build, and operate, making them ideal for residential uses. With advancements in battery technology, power packs can now generate enough AC voltage for apartments and commercial spaces. Leading manufacturers like Luminous, Amaron, and Microtek have responded by designing more powerful and efficient power packs, offering end-users a convenient plug-and-switch solution. As a result, power packs are expected to give gas generators a run for their money in the residential backup power market. This shift in consumer preference will pose a challenging situation for the gas generator market during the forecast period. 
        The Residential Gas Generator market is experiencing significant growth due to increasing severe weather events, such as floods and storms, leading to unstable power supplies. Residential consumers seek backup power sources for constant electricity, making gas generators a popular choice. Gas generators, including electrical gensets and mechanical engines, provide a cost-effective solution for households. However, environmental friendliness is a growing concern, leading to the development of gas generators using natural gases like CO2, nitrogen, and sulphur, which emit fewer pollutants than traditional fossil fuels. The telecom, oil & gas, hospitals, and residential sectors are major consumers of these generators. Inverters, power rating, and battery storage power packs are key components. Despite concerns over noise and smell, the market continues to expand due to the demand for backup energy sources and smart city initiatives. Natural gas prices and the construction market also impact the market's growth. 
!END

!STD
EnLink Midstream Issues 2023 Sustainability Report

        Wednesday - August 07: (RWE) - EnLink Midstream, LLC (NYSE: ENLC) (EnLink) today issued its 2023 Sustainability Report at http://sustainability.enlink.com. The report showcases EnLink's sustainability progress made throughout 2023 and provides an overview of EnLink's sustainability program.
        EnLink announced in the 2023 Sustainability Report that its methane emissions intensity reduction target was met in late 2023, reducing scope 1 methane emissions intensity by 30% from a 2020 baseline. The achievement was completed one year ahead of target.
        About EnLink Midstream: Headquartered in Dallas, EnLink Midstream (NYSE: ENLC) provides integrated midstream infrastructure services for natural gas, crude oil, condensate, and NGLs, as well as CO₂ transportation for carbon capture and sequestration (CCS). Our large-scale, cash-flow-generating asset platforms are in premier production basins and core demand centers, including the Permian Basin, Louisiana, Oklahoma, and North Texas. EnLink is focused on maintaining the financial flexibility and operational excellence that enables us to strategically grow and create sustainable value. Visit www.EnLink.com to learn how EnLink connects energy to life.
!END

!STD
Gear Pump Market size is set to grow by USD 470.3 million from 2024-2028, Mechanization of agriculture and growth of agriculture machinery industry boost the market, Technavio

        Wednesday - August 07: (RWE) - The global gear pump market size is estimated to grow by USD 470.3 million from 2024-2028, according to Technavio. The market is estimated to grow at a CAGR of  4.5%  during the forecast period. Mechanization of agriculture and growth of agriculture machinery industry is driving market growth, with a trend towards rising investments in chemical manufacturing facilities in emerging economies. However, contraction in mining industry in China  poses a challenge. Key market players include A and S Hydraulic Co. Ltd., Avingtrans plc, Bailey International LLC, Bucher Industries AG, CASAPPA SpA, Daikin Industries Ltd., Danfoss AS, Dover Corp., Eaton Corp. Plc, Flowserve Corp., Hudaco Industries Ltd., IDEX Corp., Kawasaki Heavy Industries Ltd., KSB SE and Co. KGaA, KYB Corp., Linde Hydraulics GmbH and Co. KG, Parker Hannifin Corp., Permco Inc., Robert Bosch GmbH, and Roper Pump Co..
        Get a detailed analysis on regions, market segments, customer landscape, and companies- View the snapshot of this report
        A and S Hydraulic Co. Ltd., Avingtrans plc, Bailey International LLC, Bucher Industries AG, CASAPPA SpA, Daikin Industries Ltd., Danfoss AS, Dover Corp., Eaton Corp. Plc, Flowserve Corp., Hudaco Industries Ltd., IDEX Corp., Kawasaki Heavy Industries Ltd., KSB SE and Co. KGaA, KYB Corp., Linde Hydraulics GmbH and Co. KG, Parker Hannifin Corp., Permco Inc., Robert Bosch GmbH, and Roper Pump Co.
        The chemical industry's expansion in emerging economies, particularly in Asia Pacific, Middle East and Africa, and South America, is driving the demand for gear pumps. This growth is due to the increasing consumption and distribution of specialty chemicals in these regions. With the chemical industry expected to continue growing due to increased investments, the demand for chemical products will rise, leading to an increased need for transportation and dosing of organic and inorganic chemicals. As a result, the construction of new chemical plants, such as Daelim Industrial Co. Ltd.'s polybutene plant in Saudi Arabia, is fueling the demand for gear pumps. Established players in the chemical and petrochemical industries are also opening manufacturing facilities in emerging economies, contributing to the growth of the global gear pump market. 
        The gear pumps market is experiencing significant growth due to increased demand in various industries. In the construction sector, gear pumps are used in construction equipment for moving fluids like bitumen and sodium silicate. The petrochemical industry relies on gear pumps for transporting crude oil, diesel oil, lubricating oil, ethylene dichloride, and chlor alkali. Noise reduction is a key trend in the gear pumps market, with manufacturers like Oberdorfer offering quiet solutions. The pandemic restrictions have affected industrial activity, but the demand for gear pumps remains strong in petrochemical projects, chemical production, and plastic goods manufacturing. Automobile and household goods industries also use gear pumps in their production processes. Gear pumps are also essential in water treatment activities and wastewater treatment plants. In the mining industry, Maple Cream Machinery uses gear pumps for mining operations. The gear pumps market includes applications in the automotive sector, agricultural machinery, and interstate crude pipelines. Energy-efficient solutions and positive displacement pumps with intermeshing gears are popular in the industrial pump industry. Fluids, oils, fuels, chemicals, and viscous fluids are all moved using gear pumps in various industries. 
!END

!STD
EnLink Midstream Reports Second Quarter 2024 Results

        Wednesday - August 07: (RWE) - EnLink Midstream, LLC (NYSE: ENLC) (EnLink) today reported financial results for the second quarter of 2024.
        "EnLink delivered a solid quarter in line with our expectations, as our midstream assets and our diversified business continue to show resilience," EnLink President and Chief Executive Officer Jesse Arenivas said. "Our Louisiana team is executing on a multiprong growth strategy and moving projects toward commercialization, such as the 'Henry Hub to the River' project announced last quarter and the JISH expansion announced today, to supply the high-demand market for natural gas. EnLink's strength is in our diverse, integrated value chain, which we continue to leverage for new opportunities that optimize and grow our business."
        Adjusted EBITDA and FCFAD used in this press release are non-GAAP measures and are explained in greater detail under "Non-GAAP Financial Information" below.
        1 Includes $22.9 million of common units repurchased from GIP pursuant to our Unit Repurchase Agreement, which settled on August 5, 2024.
        (3) Outstanding common units as of August 1, 2024, April 25, 2024, and July 27, 2023, respectively.
        EnLink will host a webcast and conference call to discuss second quarter 2024 results on August 7, 2024, at 8 a.m. Central time. The conference call will be broadcast via an internet webcast, which can be accessed on the Investors page of EnLink's website at investors.enlink.com. Interested parties can access an archived replay of the webcast on EnLink's website for at least 90 days following the event.
        Headquartered in Dallas, EnLink Midstream (NYSE: ENLC) provides integrated midstream infrastructure services for natural gas, crude oil, and NGLs, as well as CO2 transportation for carbon capture and sequestration (CCS). Our large-scale, cash-flow-generating asset platforms are in premier production basins and core demand centers, including the Permian Basin, Louisiana, Oklahoma, and North Texas. EnLink is focused on maintaining the financial flexibility and operational excellence that enables us to strategically grow and create sustainable value. Visit www.EnLink.com to learn how EnLink connects energy to life.
!END

!STD
Hyster-Yale Announces Second Quarter 2024 Results

        Wednesday - August 07: (RWE) - Hyster-Yale, Inc. (NYSE: HY) reported the following consolidated results for the three months ended June 30, 2024.
        Effective May 31, 2024, the Company changed its name to Hyster-Yale, Inc. and changed the name of its Lift Truck business to Hyster-Yale Materials Handling, Inc.
        (1)  The Americas segment includes the North America, Latin America and Brazil markets, EMEA includes operations in the Europe, Middle East andAfrica markets, and JAPIC includes operations in the Asia and Pacific markets, including China
        Lift Truck revenues were 8% higher than Q2 2023 due to higher average sales prices and the favorable impact of reduced dealer incentive programs. Improved Americas and EMEA sales mix partly offset lower unit and parts volumes principally in EMEA. 
        Q2 2024 operating profit increased 65% year-over-year, with operating profit margin moving higher by 320 basis points to 9.2%. This improvement was primarily due to higher unit margins. Increased operating expenses, including employee-related costs, partly offset this benefit.
        Bolzoni's revenues increased 6% over both the prior year and Q1 2024 primarily due to higher sales volumes. The increased sales volumes allowed Bolzoni's manufacturing plants to run more efficiently, thus lowering costs. Gross profit was similar to the prior year as increased material and freight costs offset the favorable effect of the higher volumes and lower manufacturing costs. Operating profit declined compared to the prior year mainly due to higher warranty and employee-related costs. Both profit measures improved sequentially as a result of an increase in sales of higher-margin attachments.
        Nuvera remains focused on increasing its sales pipeline for 45kW and 60kW engines. The hydrogen fuel cell industry is facing slow customer adoption due to ongoing hydrogen supply constraints, and to delayed heavy-duty electric vehicle fuel cell product development programs. Despite a strong demonstration channel, these industry constraints have delayed Nuvera's bookings and reduced its overall engine shipments. As a result, Nuvera's Q2 2024 revenues decreased to $0.2 million from $1.0 million in Q2 2023. The operating loss was above 2023's largely due to increased product development and lease costs.
        Income Tax Expense: Q2 2024's $90 million of income before taxes increased 77% compared to the prior year, while net income increased 65%. The effective income tax rate of 29% in Q2 2024 was higher than the 24% in Q2 2023. This increase is primarily due to the continued capitalization of research and development expenditures for U.S. tax purposes combined with the Company's inability to record deferred tax assets on its balance sheet due to its U.S. valuation allowance position.
        The Company continues to focus on decreasing working capital, especially through inventory reductions.
        Lift Truck BusinessThe Company is focused on delivering optimal solutions to its broad customer base, including lift trucks and advanced on-truck technologies, such as its innovative Operator Assist Systems (OAS). Together, these solutions provide customers with the right capabilities and functionality for their specific applications, while also increasing the unit sales value substantially. As a result of both Hyster-Yale's product line breadth and increasingly value-add technology solutions, per unit truck sales values can differ materially. Thus, aggregate unit data has become less meaningful. In this context, the Company will focus on total dollar values as its measure for bookings and backlog.
!END

!STD
Yank Technologies Awarded 2 Prestigious NASA Contracts for Wireless Power Applications

        Wednesday - August 07: (RWE) - Yank Technologies, the developer of disruptive long range, high power wireless charging solutions, has been awarded two additional prestigious National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA) Small Business Innovation Research (SBIR) Contracts to develop wireless charging solutions for lunar applications. The NASA SBIR contracts allow small business innovators to be a part of the growing aerospace ecosystem.
        Yank Technologies develops customizable wireless power solutions for industrial, automotive, consumer, and space applications. With over a dozen patents granted and sixty pending, Yank Technologies eliminates cumbersome cables and connections to strengthen durability, increases operational efficiency, and enables new product features. Their industrial solutions enhance robotic autonomy in factories by charging AMRs enroute to reduce downtime and by wirelessly powering and communicating quality control test functions in real-time. They also develop functionally expandable wireless power solutions to enable new product features in next-generation vehicle interiors. These solutions decrease assembly and warranty costs by eliminating complex wire harness connections enabling new features like seamless door removal and complete cockpit reconfiguration. Furthermore, Yank Technologies is reimagining the consumer experiences by charging multiple electronics over the air, in cupholders, and on table-tops.
        For the 2025 fiscal year, the US House of Representatives allocated $7.8 billion to NASA's Artemis I Program to return humans to the Moon. With the increasing demand in Moon exploration, Yank Technologies has the opportunity to expand their wireless power ecosystem for space applications.
        Yank Technologies will develop two new systems for the lunar surface: Novel Wireless Power Receiver Converters for lunar rovers and Resonant Inductive Connectors for high voltage power transmission lines on the Moon and Mars.
        The Wireless Power Receiver Converters will improve rover system efficiency and reduce rover mass by consolidating multiple converters into a single-stage, wide input voltage converter. Furthermore, these converters improve charging reliability by supporting wide degrees of misalignment and variable charging distances.
        Resonant Inductive Connectors establish reliable interfaces with high voltage transmission lines even with the accumulation of regolith or dust and dirt on the Moon and Mars. With the extreme conditions of the lunar surface and Mars, traditional connectors are subject to unreliable mating and physical wear and tear over time. Resonant Inductive Connectors are designed to withstand the roughest environmental conditions.
        "With these new NASA contracts, we will further enhance our wireless charging systems for space applications. Wireless power enables the establishment of long-lasting habitats on the Moon and Mars and are critical for greater human exploration for future missions," said Josh Yank, CEO of Yank Technologies.
        To learn more about Yank Technologies or inquire about their wireless power solutions, please visit yanktechnologies.com.
!END

!STD
Bristow Group Reports Second Quarter 2024 Results and Raises Outlook

        Wednesday - August 07: (RWE) - Bristow Group Inc. (NYSE: VTOL) ("Bristow" or the "Company") today reported net income attributable to the Company of $28.2 million, or $0.96 per diluted share, for its quarter ended June 30, 2024 (the "Current Quarter") on operating revenues of $352.5 million compared to net income attributable to the Company of $6.6 million, or $0.23 per diluted share, for the quarter ended March 31, 2024 (the "Preceding Quarter") on operating revenues of $329.4 million.
        Earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization ("EBITDA") was $63.7 million in the Current Quarter compared to $35.8 million in the Preceding Quarter. EBITDA adjusted to exclude special items, losses on asset dispositions and foreign exchange losses was $71.3 million in the Current Quarter compared to $47.5 million in the Preceding Quarter. The following table provides a reconciliation of net income to EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA excluding losses on asset dispositions and foreign exchange losses (in thousands, unaudited). See "Non-GAAP Financial Measures" for further information on the use of non-GAAP financial measures used herein.
        EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA are non-GAAP financial measures. See definitions of these measures and the reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP financial measures in the Non-GAAP Financial Reconciliation tables.
        Other special items include professional services fees that are not related to continuing business operations and other nonrecurring costs.
        "In conjunction with Bristow's very strong second quarter financial results, we are pleased to raise the Company's Adjusted EBITDA guidance range to $210 - $230 million in 2024 and $230 - $260 million in 2025," said Chris Bradshaw, President and CEO of Bristow Group. "This financial outlook is aligned with our conviction that we are in the early stages of a multi-year growth cycle. The growth and diversification of our government services business, along with an accelerating offshore energy upcycle and tight supply dynamic, are increasing the Company's visibility for significant improvements in margins, free cash flow and capital returns."
        Operating revenues in the Current Quarter were $23.1 million higher compared to the Preceding Quarter. Operating revenues from offshore energy services were $17.8 million higher primarily due to higher utilization in the Americas and Africa. Operating revenues from government services were $2.6 million lower in the Current Quarter primarily due to a change in rates and penalties related to lower availability. Operating revenues from fixed wing services were $8.3 million higher in the Current Quarter primarily due to higher utilization and increased rates.
        Operating expenses were $0.9 million lower than the Preceding Quarter primarily due to lower operating personnel salaries and leased-in equipment costs, partially offset by higher repairs and maintenance, fuel and other operating costs. The lower personnel salaries were primarily due to seasonal personnel cost variations in Norway and an adjustment for tax equalization in Suriname.
        General and administrative expenses were $1.6 million higher than the Preceding Quarter primarily due to higher professional services fees, partially offset by lower personnel and insurance costs.
        Earnings from unconsolidated affiliates were $0.7 million in the Current Quarter compared to earnings of $1.4 million in the Preceding Quarter.
!END

!STD
Centrus Reports Second Quarter 2024 Results

        Wednesday - August 07: (RWE) - Centrus Energy Corp. (NYSE American: LEU) ("Centrus" or the "Company") today reported second quarter 2024 results. The Company reported net income of $30.6 million for the three months ended June 30, 2024, which is $1.89 (basic and diluted) per common share.
        "Centrus delivered strong revenues and margins for shareholders this quarter as we continue progressing towards our long-term goal of restoring domestic uranium enrichment capability at scale," said Centrus President and CEO Amir Vexler. "Meanwhile, the U.S. Department of Energy has issued a series of request for proposals ("RFPs") to jump-start domestic nuclear fuel production, backed by more than $3.4 billion in appropriations from Congress – the largest federal investment in uranium enrichment in decades. We are vigorously competing for this funding as we believe it represents a historic opportunity to restore America's nuclear fuel supply chain with U.S. technology built by American workers."
        Centrus generated total revenue of $189.0 million and $98.4 million for the three months ended June 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, an increase of $90.6 million.
        Revenue from the LEU segment was $169.6 million and $87.6 million for the three months ended June 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, an increase of $82.0 million. SWU revenue increased by $91.6 million as a result of an increase in the volume of SWU sold and an increase in the average price of SWU sold. Uranium revenue decreased by $9.6 million as a result of a decrease in the volume of uranium sold, partially offset by an increase in the average price of uranium sold.
        Revenue from the Technical Solutions segment was $19.4 million and $10.8 million for the three months ended June 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, an increase of $8.6 million. Revenue generated under the HALEU Operation Contract  between the Company and the DOE signed in 2022 increased $8.4 million due to the transition from Phase 1 to Phase 2 in late 2023, as further described below. The remaining increase was attributable to other contracts.
        Cost of sales for the LEU segment was $136.6 million and $60.8 million for the three months ended June 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, an increase of $75.8 million. SWU costs increased as a result of an increase in the average unit cost of SWU sold and an increase in the volume of SWU sold. Uranium costs decreased as a result of a decrease in the volume of uranium sold, partially offset by an increase in the average unit cost of uranium sold. Cost of sales for the three months ended June 30, 2024 and 2023 included $1.5 million and $0.8 million, respectively, for the revaluation of inventory loans.
        Cost of sales for the Technical Solutions segment was $15.9 million and $9.6 million for the three months ended June 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, an increase of $6.3 million. Costs incurred for the HALEU Operation Contract increased by $6.3 million due to the transition from Phase 1 to Phase 2 in late 2023.
        Gross profit for the Company was $36.5 million and $28.0 million for the three months ended June 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The increase for the three months ended June 30, 2024 was primarily attributed to the increase in gross profit in the LEU segment and in the Technical Solutions segment, driven by the transition from Phase 1 to Phase 2 of the HALEU Operation Contract in late 2023. LEU customers generally have multi-year contracts that carry annual purchase commitments, not quarterly commitments. The gross profit in our LEU business varies based upon the timing of those contracts. The pricing of those deliveries varies depending upon the market conditions at the time the contract was signed with a portion of our outstanding contracts entered into at historically higher prices. The Company's gross profit in the LEU segment was higher primarily due to the increase in sales volume and composition of contracts in the current quarter, which included higher-priced legacy contracts.
        As previously announced, the Company began enrichment operations in October 2023 at its American Centrifuge Plant in Piketon, Ohio, and made its first delivery of 20 kilograms of High Assay Low-Enriched Uranium ("HALEU") uranium hexafluoride ("UF6") in November 2023, completing Phase 1 of the HALEU Operation Contract under budget and ahead of schedule. The DOE is contractually required to provide storage cylinders necessary to collect the HALEU product from the cascade. Using the storage cylinders currently made available by the DOE, Centrus has now achieved cumulative deliveries to the DOE of approximately 179 kilograms of HALEU UF6.
        On November 28, 2023 and January 9, 2024, the DOE issued two Requests for Proposal ("RFPs") for the deconversion and enrichment of HALEU, respectively. The Company submitted bids for both RFPs, with the goal of expanding HALEU production capability at the Piketon, Ohio facility. On June 27, 2024, the DOE issued an RFP for production of LEU. Centrus, which has previously successfully demonstrated LEU enrichment capabilities, intends to submit a proposal to incorporate large-scale LEU production alongside HALEU production in Piketon. The total available appropriations to be awarded currently under the RFPs is $3.4 billion which is subject to further appropriations. There can be no assurance that the Company will be successful in obtaining new contracts or funding.
!END

!STD
Anterix Inc. Reports First Quarter Fiscal Year 2025 Results

        Wednesday - August 07: (RWE) - Anterix (NASDAQ: ATEX) today announced its first quarter fiscal 2025 results and filed its Form 10-Q for the three months ended June 30, 2024. The Company also issued an update on its Demonstrated Intent metric which can be found on Anterix's website at www.investors.anterix.com/Q12025.
        Anterix senior management will hold an analyst and investor conference call to provide a business update at 9:00 A.M. ET on Wednesday, August 7, 2024. Interested parties can participate in the call by dialing 1-888-999-6281 and asking the operator to be joined into the Anterix call. International callers should dial 1-848-280-6550. A replay of the call will be accessible on the Investor Relations section of Anterix's website at https://www.anterix.com/events/.
        At Anterix, we work with leading utilities and technology companies to harness the power of 900 MHz broadband for modernized grid solutions. Leading an ecosystem of more than 100 members, we offer utility-first solutions to modernize the grid and solve the challenges that utilities are facing today. As the largest holder of licensed spectrum in the 900 MHz band (896-901/935-940 MHz) throughout the contiguous United States, plus Hawaii, Alaska, and Puerto Rico, we are uniquely positioned to enable private LTE solutions that support cutting-edge advanced communications capabilities for a cleaner, safer, and more secure energy future. To learn more and join the 900 MHz movement, please visit www.anterix.com.
        Certain statements contained in this press release constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws that involve risks and uncertainties. Forward-looking statements include, without limitation, any statement that may predict, forecast, indicate or imply future events or achievements such as statements in this press release related to the Anterix's business or financial results or outlook. Actual events or results may differ materially from those contemplated in this press release. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made and readers are cautioned not to put undue reliance on such statements, as they are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause Anterix's actual future results to differ materially from results indicated in the forward-looking statement. Such statements are based on assumptions that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements, including: (i) the timing of payments under customer agreements, (ii) Anterix's ability to clear the 900 MHz Broadband Spectrum on a timely basis and on commercially reasonable terms; and (iii) Anterix's ability to qualify for and timely secure broadband licenses. Actual events or results may differ materially from those contemplated in this press release. Anterix's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC"), which you may obtain for free at the SEC's website at http://www.sec.gov, discuss some of the important risk factors that may affect the Company's financial outlook, business, results of operations and financial condition. Anterix undertakes no obligation to update publicly or revise any forward-looking statements contained herein.
        Natasha Vecchiarelli: Vice President, Investor Relations & Corporate CommunicationsAnterix973-531-4397[email protected] 
!END

!STD
Arcadium Lithium Releases Second Quarter 2024 Results

        Wednesday - August 07: (RWE) - Arcadium Lithium plc (NYSE: ALTM, ASX: LTM, "Arcadium Lithium" or the "Company") today reported results for the second quarter of 2024.
        Second quarter revenue was $255 million and reported attributable GAAP net income was $85.7 million, or 7 cent per diluted share.  Adjusted EBITDA1 was $99.1 million and adjusted earnings per diluted share2 were 5 cents.
        The Company realized average pricing of $17,200 per product metric ton for combined lithium hydroxide and carbonate volumes in the second quarter.
        Total volumes in the second quarter were up slightly versus the first quarter, with higher carbonate and hydroxide sales partially offset by lower spodumene sales due to reduced production at Mt. Cattlin.  Average realized pricing was higher sequentially for spodumene, but lower across all other products.  This decline was driven by a combination of lower market prices for lithium chemicals, the lag impact of price indices on a portion of the Company's carbonate and hydroxide volumes, and changes in both product and customer mix. 
        "We continue to focus on leveraging our low-cost, high quality operational footprint and a commercial strategy of securing long term contracts with strategic customers to navigate through all market environments," said Paul Graves, president and chief executive officer of Arcadium Lithium.  "Similar to last quarter, this approach helped us to achieve higher realized pricing in the second quarter than we would have under a fully market-based pricing approach, and to deliver strong underlying profitability."
        1 Reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDA, a non-GAAP measure, to net income attributable to Arcadium Lithium plc, the most directly comparable financial measure presented in accordance with GAAP, is set forth in the reconciliation table accompanying this release.
        2 Corresponds to Diluted adjusted after-tax earnings per share in the accompanying financial tables.  Reconciliation of Diluted adjusted after-tax earnings per share, a non-GAAP measure, to Diluted earnings per ordinary share (GAAP), the most directly comparable financial measure presented in accordance with GAAP, is set forth in the reconciliation table accompanying this release.
        Arcadium Lithium is expecting to deliver cost savings in 2024 at the higher end of its $60 to 80 million guidance range.  These savings are a result of organizational restructuring, operating and logistics savings and the elimination of third-party and other services across the two legacy companies.  Operating and logistics savings predominately relate to raw materials, energy and transportation in Argentina and several key supplier contracts have been renegotiated with immediate effect.
        In light of progress made to date and the changing market conditions since merger completion, Arcadium Lithium is accelerating further cost reduction initiatives.  The Company previously announced it expects to achieve total cost savings of $125 million per annum by three years of merger completion and has commenced a program to accelerate the delivery of these cost savings.
        Arcadium Lithium is projecting a 25% increase in combined lithium hydroxide and lithium carbonate sales volumes for the full year compared to 2023, with a further 25% increase in 2025 compared to 2024, both driven by already-completed expansions.
!END

!STD
Diamond Offshore Reports Second Quarter 2024 Results

        Wednesday - August 07: (RWE) - Diamond Offshore Drilling, Inc. (NYSE: DO) today reported the following results for the second quarter of 2024:
        Adjusted to exclude (i) $5 million in transaction costs for the three months ended June 30, 2024 associated with the previously announced pending merger with Noble Corporation plc and (ii) the $10 million insurance deductible associated with the insurance claim for the Ocean GreatWhite for the three months ended March 31 2024. Non-GAAP supporting schedules are included with the statements and schedules included in this press release.
        Bernie Wolford, Jr., President and Chief Executive Officer of Diamond Offshore, stated, "We are pleased with our second quarter results, achieving adjusted EBITDA of $58 million, which is in line with our guided range. Our results for the quarter also include the recognition of $8.7 million in well-performance bonuses in Senegal, reflecting the exceptional performance of our deepwater drillships and the crews that operate them. Additionally, repairs to the Ocean GreatWhite were completed during the quarter, and the rig resumed operations under its contract in the North Sea in early July."
        As previously disclosed, the Company secured a two-year contract extension for the Ocean Blackhawk, representing $350 million in contract backlog.
        In addition, after quarter-end, the Ocean BlackRhino was awarded a contract for work in the U.S. Gulf of Mexico (or USGOM) with a minimum duration of 180 days for a total contract value of approximately $89 million, excluding mobilization and any additional services. The contract also includes two option periods. Following the completion of its Special Periodical Survey and Managed Pressure Drilling upgrade project in Las Palmas, the Ocean BlackRhino is expected to mobilize to the USGOM in late December or early January for contract commencement in the first quarter of 2025. in the first quarter of 2025.
        These contract awards, combined with previously announced awards in the first quarter of 2024, total nearly $1.2 billion of contract value secured so far in 2024. The Company's total backlog at July 1, 2024 was in excess of $2.0 billion.  
        On July 31, 2024, the Company received notice of early termination from its customer related to a previously announced, one-well campaign offshore Ivory Coast for the Ocean BlackRhino. In accordance with the contract, the Company is entitled to retain $8 million in prepaid customer deposits as an early termination fee.
        Revenue for the second quarter of 2024 totaled $253 million compared to $275 million in the prior quarter. The decrease in revenue quarter-over-quarter was primarily driven by the absence of revenues for the West Auriga, which was returned to the rig owner in the first quarter upon termination of the charter for the rig, and the Ocean GreatWhite being off rate for repairs in the quarter. The decrease in revenue was partially offset by the impact of $8.7 million in performance bonuses earned in Senegal during the second quarter.
        Contract drilling expense for the second quarter of 2024 was $164 million, representing a $20 million decrease from the prior quarter. The decrease in contract drilling expense was primarily due to lower charter and other operating expenses attributable to the West Auriga, the recovery of operating costs as part of the insurance claim for the Ocean GreatWhite's LMRP equipment incident, as well as the absence of $7.6 million in insurance deductible recorded in contract drilling expense in the first quarter related to the incident. The reduction in contract drilling expense in the second quarter was partially offset by higher overall operating costs across the fleet including repair and maintenance cost, equipment rentals and integrated services.
        General and administrative expenses were $23 million in the second quarter of 2024 compared to $19 million in the prior quarter and included approximately $5 million in financial advisor and legal fees associated with the announced merger with Noble Corporation plc.
!END

!STD
Duke Energy encourages customers to prepare for Tropical Storm Debby; moves 6,900 resources to respond to heavy rain and strong winds

        Wednesday - August 07: (RWE) - Duke Energy is preparing for the approaching tropical storm expected later this week in the Carolinas.
        The expected storm conditions are favorable for heavy rain and strong winds, which could lead to widespread outages. The company plans to have 6,900 skilled workers strategically placed and ready to respond as the storm moves through the Carolinas.
        "Safety is our number one priority and we strongly encourage our customers to plan in advance of the storm," said Jason Hollifield, Duke Energy storm director for the Carolinas. "We are preparing our crews to respond as soon as conditions are safe."
        For more tips on how to prepare for severe weather, please visit duke-energy.com/StormTips. A checklist serves as a helpful guide, but it's critical before, during and after a storm to follow the instructions and warnings of emergency management officials in your area.
        Duke Energy (NYSE: DUK), a Fortune 150 company headquartered in Charlotte, N.C., is one of America's largest energy holding companies. The company's electric utilities serve 8.4 million customers in North Carolina, South Carolina, Florida, Indiana, Ohio and Kentucky, and collectively own 54,800 megawatts of energy capacity. Its natural gas utilities serve 1.7 million customers in North Carolina, South Carolina, Tennessee, Ohio and Kentucky.
        Duke Energy is executing an ambitious clean energy transition, keeping reliability, affordability and accessibility at the forefront as the company works toward net-zero methane emissions from its natural gas business by 2030 and net-zero carbon emissions from electricity generation by 2050. The company is investing in major electric grid upgrades and cleaner generation, including expanded energy storage, renewables, natural gas and nuclear.
        More information is available at duke-energy.com and the Duke Energy News Center. Follow Duke Energy on Twitter, LinkedIn, Instagram and Facebook, and visit illumination for stories about the people and innovations powering our energy transition.
!END

!STD
Flotek Announces Increased 2024 Guidance and Continued Profitability Growth in Connection with Second Quarter 2024 Results

        Wednesday - August 07: (RWE) - Flotek Industries, Inc. ("Flotek" or the "Company") (NYSE: FTK) today announced operational and financial results for the quarter ended June 30, 2024, highlighted by significant improvement in profitability metrics as compared to the second quarter of 2023. Due to the strong business performance in the first half of the year, the Company increased its 2024 profitability guidance.
        As a result of the Company's strong operational performance during the first half of 2024 and the outlook for the balance of the year, the Company is raising its 2024 profitability guidance. Flotek now expects adjusted EBITDA(2) to be in a range of between $14 million and $18 million, a 23% increase to the midpoint of the range when compared to the prior guidance range of between $10 million and $16 million. 
        On August 5, 2024, the Company entered into an amendment to its Asset Based Loan agreement. In connection with the amendment, the loan commitment increased by 45% from $13.8 million to $20 million, the applicable interest rate spread decreased by 0.50% and the term of the loan was extended by one year to August 2026. These enhancements to the loan agreement further validate the Company's continuing operational and financial improvements.
        On July 16, 2024, Flotek announced that the EPA designated the JP3 system as an approved measurement technology with respect to recently enacted flare regulations. This state-of-the-art optical instrument, designed for the precise measurement of net heating values (NHV) in flare gases, is the first to be approved as an alternative method under the new NSPS OOOOb regulations, supporting cleaner and more efficient operations across the oil and gas industry.
        With over 55,000 existing flares in the United States expected to be subject to some level of monitoring regulation by 2028, this approval is expected to position JP3 to significantly expand its footprint into this new upstream market space.
        Chief Executive Officer Dr. Ryan Ezell commented, "Despite a backdrop of slower North American activity in our industry, our ability to grow revenue 14% this quarter speaks to the execution of our strategy and the continued progress we are making in gaining market share. Second quarter revenue from external customers increased significantly following the seasonality we experienced in the first quarter. Our Data Analytics segment increased revenue 22% from the first quarter 2024 as we saw a sequential improvement in analyzer sales. Most importantly, we received notification from the EPA that our JP3 analyzer was an approved technology for flare gas monitoring, which we believe will be a catalyst for revenue growth later this year and into 2025.
        Based on our performance through mid-year, I am excited to share that we are raising the mid-point of our adjusted EBITDA(2) guidance for 2024 to $16 million, which would represent more than a 900% improvement from 2023. This is a testament to Flotek's differentiated technology solutions in a competitive market as the industry navigates through this current natural gas price environment. Lastly, our success in significantly increasing our ABL credit capacity at a lower interest rate will provide incremental liquidity to support our continued growth."
!END

!STD
Duke Energy restores power for 90% of customers within 24 hours, establishes estimated time of restoration for north Florida customers impacted by Hurricane Debby

        Wednesday - August 07: (RWE) - Duke Energy Florida rapidly restored power for 90% of its customers within 24 hours after Hurricane Debby made landfall in the Big Bend. Crews continue to work tirelessly to restore power in areas hardest hit, and the company will not stop until every customer has power.
        Duke Energy Florida anticipates restoring 95% of customers in Citrus, Hernando, Lake, Levy, Marion and Sumter counties by 11:59 p.m. Tuesday evening, though many customers will be restored before then. 
        Hurricane Debby brought strong winds, heavy rainfall and widespread flooding to Florida. The company has relocated crews to concentrate on the hardest-hit areas as they require additional work to complete restoration.
        The estimated time of restoration for 95% of the remaining customers in the hardest-hit areas is 11:59 p.m. Wednesday evening.
        The company continues to work alongside its neighboring utilities, cooperatives and municipalities served by Duke Energy Florida transmission lines and substations to ensure estimated times of restoration are coordinated.
        For customers whose home or business is flooded, Duke Energy cannot reconnect power until the electrical system has been inspected by a licensed electrician. If there is damage, an electrician will need to make repairs and obtain verification from the local building inspection authority before power can be restored.
        If the meter box is pulled away from a customer's house or mobile home service pole and power is not being received, the homeowner is responsible for contacting an electrician to reattach the meter box and/or provide a permanent fix. In some instances, an electrical inspection may be required by the county before Duke Energy can reconnect service. An electrician can advise customers on next steps.
        Duke Energy will continue to update customers through emails, text messages, phone calls, social media and its website, including the outage map.
        "Duke Energy is grateful for our customers' continued patience and understanding as our crews have been working around the clock to get the lights back on," said Todd Fountain, Duke Energy Florida storm director. "We are proud of our progress so far, but we remain laser focused on safely restoring power for every last customer, going above and beyond to demonstrate our commitment to the communities we serve."
        Duke Energy reminds customers and the public to stay away from downed power lines that have fallen or are sagging, and to consider all power lines – and trees, limbs or anything in contact with power lines – energized and dangerous.
!END

!STD
U.S. Department of Energy awards Duke Energy project $57 million in cost-share funding to enhance North Carolina's energy grid

        Wednesday - August 07: (RWE) - U.S. Secretary of Energy Jennifer Granholm today announced the U.S. Department of Energy (DOE)'s Grid Deployment Office has selected the North Carolina Innovative Transmission Rebuild project to receive $57 million in cost-share funding to enhance the power grid's ability to deliver affordable, resilient energy. The project – a partnership between Duke Energy, the North Carolina Department of Environmental Quality and State Energy Office – aims to reconstruct the 230-kV Lee-Milburnie transmission line to improve reliability for customers and meet growing electricity demand in eastern North Carolina.
        "The grant announced today by the Department of Energy is a win for the communities Duke Energy serves, and signals North Carolina's leadership in the energy transition," said Kendal Bowman, Duke Energy North Carolina state president. "This project will help reduce outages, enhance the power system's resilience against extreme weather, enable the connection of more clean energy sources to the grid and create job opportunities and new partnerships with community organizations."
        The Lee-Milburnie transmission line spans from the Greater Raleigh area to outside Goldsboro, N.C., including portions of Wake, Johnston and Wayne counties. The line rebuild will take place in the existing right of way to minimize the impact to nearby communities.
        "Supporting our customers by helping ensure they have reliable service and restoring that service safely and quickly when we need to is our No. 1 job," said Scott Batson, senior vice president and chief power grid officer at Duke Energy. "The generous grant provided by the U.S. Department of Energy for this transmission line reconstruction work will improve the reliability of the grid while delivering affordable, clean energy to our customers."
        The funds are part of the Grid Resilience and Innovation Partnerships (GRIP) program, the federal government's single largest direct investment into critical grid infrastructure. Funded through the Bipartisan Infrastructure Law and administered by DOE's Grid Deployment Office, the GRIP program leverages federal and private investments to support a reliable grid that is prepared for extreme weather while also delivering affordable, clean energy and creating local economic opportunities.
        "This funding will help support North Carolinians' efforts to invest in grid resiliency, improve reliability, and meet electricity demand," said U.S. Secretary of Energy Jennifer M. Granholm. "The Biden-Harris Administration is investing in the most crucial component of the nation's infrastructure, expanding and hardening the grid to allow more resilient, clean power to reach more household, and support the ongoing manufacturing boom—all while creating thousands of local jobs."
        This North Carolina Innovative Transmission Rebuild will create robust opportunities for local economic development, including significant investments in workforce development programs at Nash Community College and North Carolina A&T State University.
        "North Carolina A&T State University and STEPs4GROWTH are proud to be partners in developing a skilled workforce in support of Duke Energy's efforts to deliver reliable, affordable energy to its customers," said Balu Gokaraju, Ph.D., principal investigator for the STEPs4GROWTH program. "This project represents a significant investment that will not only enhance the grid but also benefit the community by creating good jobs with family sustaining wages."
        The joint effort will create an estimated 550 new jobs that can be filled through partnerships with historically black colleges and universities (HBCUs) and local community colleges.
        "We have been a proud partner of Duke Energy for many years and are truly excited about this new initiative to enhance power grid reliability in North Carolina," said Lew K. Hunnicutt, President of Nash Community College. "We look forward to doing our part to support this important project, which will benefit our community through new job opportunities for skilled workers."
!END

!STD
Celebrate 811 Day: Digging Safely to Protect Our Communities

        Wednesday - August 07: (RWE) - MISS DIG 811 is excited to announce the annual celebration of 811 Day on August 11, 2024. This national awareness day emphasizes the critical importance of contacting the state-wide service by calling 811 before starting any digging project, to prevent accidental damage to underground utilities and ensure the safety of our communities.
        811 Day is a nationwide initiative aimed at educating homeowners, contractors, and landscapers about the essential practice of contacting 811 – the national "Call Before You Dig" number. By dialing 811, or visiting missdig811.org, individuals can request a utility locate service, which sends professional crews to mark the locations of underground utility lines at no cost. This simple step helps avoid potential hazards such as gas leaks, electrical outages, and service disruptions.
        "Every year, millions of people across Michigan engage in digging activities for projects like planting trees, installing fences, or building structures," said Nick Bonstell, President and CEO of MISS DIG 811. "Unfortunately, many overlook the importance of contacting MISS DIG 811 beforehand. Our goal for 811 Day is to increase awareness about the critical need to call before you dig, helping to prevent accidents and keep everyone safe."
        Safety First: Digging without knowing the location of underground utilities can lead to serious injuries or fatalities. Contacting MISS DIG 811 prevents accidents and protects lives.
        Prevent Damage: Accidental damage to utility lines can result in costly repairs and service disruptions. Locating these lines helps to avoid unnecessary expenses and inconveniences.
        Environmental Protection: Damaged utilities can lead to environmental hazards, such as gas leaks and water contamination. Proper planning helps safeguard our natural resources.
        1. Spread the Word: Share information about 811 Day with friends, family, and colleagues through social media, community events, and local gatherings.
        2. Call 811: If you're planning any digging projects, make sure to call 811 at least three business days before you start. This ensures that utility companies can mark the locations of their lines. You can also visit missdig811.org.
        3. Attend Local Events: Join local 811 Day events and activities hosted by utility companies and community organizations. On August, Sunday 11, you can find MISS DIG 811 celebrating with activities at the Detroit Zoo from 8:00am to 5:00pm, and in Midland at the Great Lakes Loons game at 1:00pm.
        Join us in making this 811 Day a resounding success by promoting safe digging practices and helping to prevent accidents. Together, we can ensure a safer, more secure environment for everyone.
!END

!STD
DENSO Signs Manufacturing License Agreement for SOEC Cell Stacks with Ceres Power Holdings of the UK

        Wednesday - August 07: (RWE) - DENSO Corporation today announced that it has signed a manufacturing license agreement with Ceres Power Holdings (CWR.L), a leading developer of solid oxide cell stack technology. DENSO aims to advance the early practical application of Solid Oxide Electrolysis Cells (SOECs)*1 that produce hydrogen through water electrolysis.
        Cell stacks are one of the components of SOECs, playing a role in separating steam into hydrogen and oxygen. Ceres has unique solid oxide technology joining metal and ceramic that leads to high-output performance. DENSO aims to realize mass production of high-quality cell stacks by utilizing Ceres' technology with the company's expertise of ceramic technology it has built in the automotive field, and to achieve the early practical application of SOECs with the company's system technology including thermal management, system control and so forth.
        Hydrogen is one of the leading next-generation energy sources to realize a carbon-neutral society, and its technology development is selected depending on the location, scale and application. DENSO will continue to promote various development of hydrogen utilization technologies through collaboration with partners both domestically and internationally, contributing to the creation of a carbon-neutral society.
        *1SOEC (Solid Oxide Electrolysis Cell): A device that operates at high temperatures using a ceramic membrane as an electrolyte to electrolyze water vapor and produce hydrogen. While there are other methods for hydrogen production such as alkaline water electrolysis, which uses an alkaline liquid as the electrolyte, and PEM (Proton Exchange Membrane) water electrolysis, which uses a polymer membrane as the electrolyte, the SOEC has the feature of requiring less electrical energy for electrolysis compared to these methods.
        About DENSO: Globally headquartered in Kariya, Japan, DENSO is a $47.2 billion leading mobility supplier that develops advanced technology and components for nearly every vehicle make and model on the road today. With manufacturing at its core, DENSO invests in around 180 facilities worldwide to provide opportunities for rewarding careers and to produce cutting-edge electrification, powertrain, thermal and mobility electronics products, among others, that change how the world moves. In developing such solutions, the company's 162,000 global employees are paving the way to a mobility future that improves lives, eliminates traffic accidents, and preserves the environment. DENSO spent around 7.7 percent of its global consolidated sales on research and development in the fiscal year ending March 31, 2024. For more information about DENSO's operations worldwide, visit www.denso.com/global.
        In North America, DENSO is headquartered in Southfield, Michigan, and employs 27,000+ engineers, researchers, and skilled workers across nearly 50 sites in the U.S, Canada and Mexico. In the United States alone, DENSO employs 17,500+ employees across 14 states (and the District of Columbia) at 41 sites. In the fiscal year ending March 31, 2024, DENSO in North America generated $11.7 billion in consolidated sales. DENSO is committed to advancing diversity and inclusion inside the company and beyond – a principle that brings together unique perspectives, bolsters innovation and pushes DENSO forward. To learn more about DENSO operations in the region and to review current career opportunities, please visit www.denso.com/us-ca/en/.
!END

!STD
Triumph Extends F-35 Sustainment Agreement With Lockheed Martin

        Wednesday - August 07: (RWE) - Triumph Group, Inc. (TRIUMPH) [NYSE: TGI] today announced that its Actuation Products & Services business extended their repair and technical support agreement with Lockheed Martin as part of the F-35 Joint Strike Fighter fleet readiness support. TRIUMPH's Clemmons, North Carolina facility will provide engineering and material support for the program over the next five years.
        TRIUMPH has provided original equipment and aftermarket Hydraulic Utility Actuation Valves (HUAV) for the F-35 program since 2014. The company began working with Lockheed Martin to provide HUAV aftermarket parts for military depot operations in 2021. The engineering and logistics agreement in support of sustainment efforts at MCAS Cherry Point will further showcase TRIUMPH's technical capability in high demand depot settings.
        "TRIUMPH's support to the F-35 program, Lockheed Martin, and the warfighters and maintainers who expect and demand fleet readiness is a reflection of our growing military aftermarket presence," said Natasha Trudeau, President of TRIUMPH Actuation Product & Services. "As a market leader in hydraulic power generation and actuation, our Clemmons team will provide exceptional service to Lockheed Martin and their customers over the next five years. We look forward to supporting Lockheed Martin on this and future readiness opportunities."  
        TRIUMPH Actuation Products & Services is a leading provider of integrated solutions in design, development, manufacture and support of complex hydraulic, electro-mechanical and mechanical actuation components and subsystems and landing gear systems for the aerospace and defense industry. Our Actuation Products & Services business services customers around the world with six manufacturing sites across North America and Europe.
        TRIUMPH, headquartered in Radnor, Pennsylvania, designs, engineers, manufactures, repairs, and overhauls a broad portfolio of aerospace and defense systems and components. The company serves the global aviation industry, including original equipment manufacturers and the full spectrum of military and commercial aircraft operators.
        More information about TRIUMPH can be found on the company's website at www.triumphgroup.com.
!END

!STD
Aypa Power Secures $323 Million In Financing For Major Energy Storage Project In Idaho

        Wednesday - August 07: (RWE) - Aypa Power (Aypa), a Blackstone portfolio company that builds, owns, and operates utility-scale energy storage and hybrid renewable energy projects across North America, has secured $323 million in financing commitments for its Kuna project. The 150-megawatt (MW) / 600 megawatt-hour (MWh) facility, located in the City of Kuna just outside of Boise, will be the largest battery energy storage project in Idaho when it comes online in mid-2025.  
        Aypa's secured financing package includes a $233 million green loan, comprised of a construction and term loan, a tax equity bridge loan, and a letter of credit facility. Additionally, the project secured $90 million in tax equity, bringing the total financing to $323 million.
        Debt financing was led by ING Capital LLC, Société Générale, and Industrial and Commercial Bank of China Limited, New York Branch, each of which acted as Coordinating Lead Arranger and Lender, with Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas acting as Administrative Agent and U.S. Bank serving as Depositary and Collateral Agent. The project's tax equity investment was led by U.S. Bank subsidiary, U.S. Bancorp Impact Finance.
        "It is bold capital investments like this that enable the scaled deployment of battery energy storage technology and make the energy transition possible," said Moe Hajabed, CEO of Aypa Power. "Bringing Idaho's largest battery energy storage project online will represent a significant milestone in supporting the state's strong clean energy portfolio. The Kuna project ensures that communities benefit from sustainable and reliable power -- important as the state sees significant economic development and unprecedented energy demand from data centers and other industrial users."
        In April 2023, Aypa, through the Kuna BESS LCC, secured a long-term energy storage agreement with Idaho Power for the Kuna project.
        Coming online in time to serve Idaho's 2025 capacity needs, the project is expected to create over 150 prevailing wage jobs during peak construction and generate roughly $30 million in local economic development over the operational life of the project.
        Aypa Power is a Blackstone portfolio company that develops, owns, and operates utility-scale energy storage and hybrid renewable energy projects. As an independent power producer, Aypa was founded with the purpose of reducing reliance on fossil fuels and making a positive impact in the fight against climate change, while improving grid reliability and resiliency. Aypa has been at the forefront of energy storage development since their first energy storage project came online in 2018. The company currently has more than 22 GW in development across North America. For more information, follow Aypa Power on LinkedIn or visit www.aypa.com.
!END

!STD
Smart Gas Meters Market size is set to grow by USD 3.37 billion from 2024-2028, Smart gas meters enable efficient use of gas boost the market, Technavio

        Wednesday - August 07: (RWE) - The global smart gas meters market size is estimated to grow by USD 3.37 billion from 2024-2028, according to Technavio. The market is estimated to grow at a CAGR of  10.87%  during the forecast period. Smart gas meters enable efficient use of gas is driving market growth, with a trend towards growing demand for wireless smart gas meters. However, high initial capital requirement  poses a challenge. Key market players include AEM SA, Aichi Tokei Denki Co. Ltd., Apator SA, Diehl Stiftung and Co. KG, EDMI Ltd., Fanna Technology, Flonidan AS, GenesisGas, Holley Technology Ltd., Honeywell International Inc., Hubbell Inc., Itron Inc., Landis Gyr AG, Pietro Fiorentini Spa, Raychem RPG Pvt. Ltd., Sagemcom Broadband SAS, Wasion Holdings Ltd., Xylem Inc., Yazaki Corp., and ZENNER INTERNATIONAL GMBH and CO.KG.
        Get a detailed analysis on regions, market segments, customer landscape, and companies- View the snapshot of this report
        AEM SA, Aichi Tokei Denki Co. Ltd., Apator SA, Diehl Stiftung and Co. KG, EDMI Ltd., Fanna Technology, Flonidan AS, GenesisGas, Holley Technology Ltd., Honeywell International Inc., Hubbell Inc., Itron Inc., Landis Gyr AG, Pietro Fiorentini Spa, Raychem RPG Pvt. Ltd., Sagemcom Broadband SAS, Wasion Holdings Ltd., Xylem Inc., Yazaki Corp., and ZENNER INTERNATIONAL GMBH and CO.KG
        Utilities are transitioning from traditional manual meter checks to advanced wireless smart gas meters, driven by the need for more accurate data and real-time pricing information. This shift is part of a larger trend towards upgrading utility infrastructure, which includes the adoption of a smart energy network. This network consists of sensors and controllers, a communication network, and data management and analysis systems. Sensors and controllers include AMI and AMR meters that measure flow, pressure, energy usage, and quality. The communication network uses technologies like SCADA, Wi-Fi, and cellular to collect and transmit data to the utility. Data management and analysis processes the information to optimize operations and make informed decisions for resource management. The global market for smart gas meters is expected to grow significantly due to this trend towards advanced metering solutions. 
        Smart gas meters are gaining momentum in the market due to their accuracy and dependability. With businesses reopening and the economy's strength returning, electrical utilities are focusing on adoption. These meters offer real-time data communication through NB-IoT and high connectivity, enabling automated grid management and energy efficiency initiatives. The implementation of smart gas meters is a cost-benefit analysis for both gas utility providers and consumers, reducing energy consumption costs and enhancing safety. Emerging standards, such as Picarro and Sensirion's SGM6200 series, are prioritized for their functional benefits. The installation process is streamlined, and current infrastructure can support these developments. Natural gas suppliers are prioritizing the elimination of conventional meters, focusing on BCM (billion cubic meters) drill-down data collection from manufacturing plants and drilling activities. The climate target is another driving factor, as gas utility providers aim for operational security and safety in gas heating systems and gas supplies. Prioritized alarms and ongoing pipeline monitoring ensure a reliable and efficient system. 
!END

!STD
Military Veteran and Ex-Tesla Cathode Leader Tom Wood Joins Austin Elements

        Wednesday - August 07: (RWE) - Austin Elements Inc., a practitioner in sustainable critical minerals recycling and battery precursor production, has appointed Tom Wood as its new Director of Operations. With over 20 years of experience in energy and chemical manufacturing, Tom brings valuable expertise to the company as it scales up its operations.
        Tom joins Austin Elements from Tesla, where he served as Cathode Manufacturing Leader, overseeing the construction and commissioning of a world-class cathode production plant in Austin. His leadership in building high-performing teams and optimizing production processes will be instrumental in accelerating Austin Element's manufacturing capabilities.
        Tom began his career as a Nuclear Engineer at Naval Reactors where he oversaw environmental compliance and waste disposal programs across key naval and Department of Energy facilities. He later held engineering and operational leadership roles at The Dow Chemical Company and Lucite International (Mitsubishi Chemical Group), further developing his leadership, operational and strategic skills.
        At Austin Elements, Tom will oversee the company's transition from pilot to full-scale commercial production. His primary responsibility will be overseeing the construction and commissioning of Mega Plant 1 (MP1), which will process up to 25,000 metric tons of black mass and black mass equivalent input, focusing on lithium iron phosphate black mass (LFP).
        Austin Elements stands out from other recyclers due to its proprietary technology which enables the economic recycling of various feedstocks including LFP/LFMP black mass, mixed LFP & NCM black mass, and lithium-containing ceramic glasses. The company is the only LFP recycler in North America and Europe capable of producing qualified battery-grade lithium carbonate and LFP/LFMP precursor from "dirty" black mass containing high levels of impurities such as aluminum, copper, and fluoride. Austin Elements' IRA compliant critical minerals, including lithium carbonate, iron phosphate, nickel sulfate and cobalt sulfate, have been qualified by multiple tier-one pCAM/CAM producers.
        Dr. Jacob Jin, CEO of Austin Elements, commented: "Tom's experience and structured approach align perfectly with our goal to set up a domestic critical mineral recycling and production facility in Texas. Under Tom's leadership, we're confident in our progress towards commercial production and supplying critical minerals to the EV and ESS industries in North America and Europe."
!END

!STD
meviy Introduces New Hexagon Bar Shapes for CNC Turning

        Wednesday - August 07: (RWE) - meviy, the cutting-edge parts procurement platform developed by MISUMI Group Inc., is excited to announce the immediate availability of hexagon bar shapes for CNC Turning. This new addition significantly expands the versatility and application of meviy's offerings, catering to a wider range of machining needs.
        meviy's commitment to providing high-quality and precise machining solutions is reflected in the introduction of these hexagon bar shapes, ensuring customers can achieve the best results in their CNC turning projects.
        For more information about the new hexagon bar shapes and how they can enhance your manufacturing capabilities, please click here.
        About meviy: meviy is a leading provider of precision manufacturing solutions, specializing in CNC Milling, CNC Turning, and Sheet Metal Fabrication of custom parts. With a focus on innovation and customer satisfaction, meviy delivers high-quality, custom parts to a diverse range of industries worldwide.  
        About MISUMI: MISUMI is a global distributor and manufacturer of industrial automation components. With a commitment to offering efficient, cost-effective solutions, MISUMI is a single source for the electric vehicle manufacturing and assembly industry. MISUMI's catalog of highly configurable components is a fast, dependable, and cost-effective choice for last-minute design changes, prototyping, and meeting full-scale design and application requirements.
!END

!STD
Flume Partners with Amica Insurance to Help Homeowners Prevent Costly Water Damage with Smart Leak Detection

        Wednesday - August 07: (RWE) - Flume, a pioneer in residential leak detection technology, is excited to announce a new collaboration with Amica Insurance. By utilizing an advanced smart leak detection device, homeowners can significantly mitigate the risk of catastrophic water damage caused by leaks. The Flume Smart Water Monitor system provides a proactive, digitally driven approach to leak detection, reducing water damage claim cost by up to 80%. Increasing the adoption of this technology can help homeowners avoid the financial burden and disruption of preventable flooding.
        "1.3 million U.S. homeowners experience water damage annually, leading to substantial financial and emotional stress," said Eric Adler, CEO of Flume. "To repair these homes, insurers spend $15B per year on water damage claims which represents 24% of total homeowner insurance claims. By promoting the use of smart leak detection, Flume aims to lower the frequency and severity of these claims. Additionally, this initiative will contribute to water conservation efforts in regions facing water scarcity, as leaks waste an estimated one trillion gallons of water each year."
        Flume will collaborate with Amica Insurance to distribute Smart Water Monitoring devices to policyholders nationwide.
        "Flume has been a valued partner of Amica for three years, and we are thrilled to advance our water loss mitigation efforts together," said Laurie Tremblay, Senior Innovation Analyst at Amica. "Water leaks are a leading cause of preventable insurance claims. With Flume's cutting-edge technology, we can empower homeowners to gain better insight into their water usage and proactively prevent water damage."
        The Flume Smart Water Monitor continuously tracks the water flow through a home's pipes, detecting small leaks before they escalate into major issues. If a problem is detected, the device immediately alerts homeowners via the Flume Water App. Additionally, users can monitor their water usage by fixture and set conservation goals through the app to further support water-saving initiatives.
        For more information about the Flume Smart Water Monitor, visit flumewater.com. Organizations interested in utilizing this technology can contact Eric Adler at [email protected].
        California's 2015 record-breaking drought inspired the Flume founders to provide homeowners with control over their water use. By providing real-time water use information, Flume customers significantly reduce residential water consumption while also protecting their homes from devastating water leaks. Since its inception, the Flume team has expanded their reach via partnerships with the largest water agencies and insurance companies across the United States. To date, Flume has shipped over 150,000 sensors nationwide and has been recognized as the leading supplier of residential water usage and leak data.
        Amica is the longest-standing mutual insurer of automobiles in the U.S. A direct writer, Amica also offers home, life, marine and umbrella insurance, as well as annuities.
!END

!STD
ServiceMaster Restore® & ServiceMaster Clean® Raise Funds to Support Veterans

        Wednesday - August 07: (RWE) - ServiceMaster Restore and ServiceMaster Clean are thrilled to announce the success of our 2024 We Serve: Veterans Golf Tournament. With immense support from the ServiceMaster family and corporate sponsors, we were able to surpass our $150K goal - benefiting Hire Heroes USA, a nonprofit that champions the integration of U.S. military members, veterans, and their spouses into the civilian workforce.
        "The turnout this year was amazing," expressed John Tovar, Group President of ServiceMaster Brands. "Not only did we enjoy a round of golf at the historic Olympia Fields Country Club, but with the tremendous support and generosity from our network of ServiceMaster Restore and Clean franchise owners and Presenting Sponsor, ServiceMaster Restoration Services – one of our largest franchises - we were able to exceed our fundraising goals and make an impact in the lives of those who have given so much for our nation."
        The collaboration with Hire Heroes USA plays a crucial role in ServiceMaster Restore and Clean's "We Serve: Veterans" initiative, highlighting our dedication to community service. At the heart of this program is the Hire Heroes USA Veterans 11 campaign, which offers deserving veterans and their spouses extensive career transition support until they find employment. We are currently planning next year's fundraising golf tournaments, continuing our support for Hire Heroes USA. 
        With approximately 2,000 franchised and licensed locations around the world, ServiceMaster Restore and ServiceMaster Recovery Management (SRM) serve customers through a global network of franchises available 24/7/365 to provide residential and commercial restoration services resulting from damage caused by water, fire, smoke or mold. SRM is the large-scale commercial catastrophic disaster restoration unit of ServiceMaster Restore. ServiceMaster Restore is a business unit of Atlanta-based ServiceMaster® Brands, a leading franchise provider of needs-based residential and commercial services. More information can be found at servicemasterrestore.com and srmcat.com.
        About Service: Master Clean® ServiceMaster Clean provides cleaning services in residential and commercial markets, operating through an extensive service network with more than 70 years of experience. Locally owned companies are backed by a national franchise network with more than 400 locations throughout the United States committed to providing custom solutions and reliable service. The vast network of experts provides commercial cleaning services, including carpet cleaning, hard surface floor care, and janitorial cleaning. ServiceMaster Clean is a business unit of Atlanta-based ServiceMaster® Brands, a leading franchise provider of needs-based residential and commercial services. To learn more about ServiceMaster Clean, visit https://www.servicemasterclean.com/.
!END

!STD
Piedmont Natural Gas urges customers to prepare for flooding and severe storms

        Wednesday - August 07: (RWE) - As Tropical Storm Debby approaches North Carolina, Piedmont Natural Gas is urging customers to follow a few simple steps to stay safe if their natural gas equipment or appliances are damaged or flooded due to severe weather.
        "Keeping our communities safe is at the heart of what we do, and we want to make sure our customers know how to stay safe before, during and after this storm passes," said Adam Long, Piedmont Natural Gas chief operations officer. "Following any severe weather event, Piedmont will support its customers and deliver reliable, safe natural gas service."
        In flooded areas, Piedmont crews will respond to affected neighborhoods to inspect natural gas meters for signs of submersion. Any meter believed to have been submerged will be removed and natural gas service will be turned off. Customers will be notified to have their natural gas appliances inspected for safe operation by Piedmont Natural Gas or another licensed contractor before service can be restored.
        "Flooding is often the greatest risk to natural gas equipment and appliances after a storm. Knowing the signs to watch for and how to respond can help our customers and communities remain safe," Long said.
        Piedmont's safety webpage, available at piedmontng.com/severe-weather, offers comprehensive safety information, including the following tips for residents affected by flooding:
        If you suspect your meter or natural gas appliances have sustained water damage or if you suspect damage to natural gas lines due to uprooted trees and other wind-related damage, please call Piedmont at 800.752.7504.
        Piedmont Natural Gas, a subsidiary of Duke Energy (NYSE: DUK), distributes natural gas to more than 1.2 million residential, commercial, industrial and power generation customers in North Carolina, South Carolina and Tennessee. Piedmont Natural Gas earned the No. 1 spot in customer satisfaction with residential natural gas service in the South among large utilities, according to the J.D. Power 2023 U.S. Gas Utility Residential Customer Satisfaction Study. More information: piedmontng.com. Follow Piedmont Natural Gas: Twitter, Facebook.
!END

!STD
Associations Urge Treasury Department to Publish Comprehensive Guidance for Clean Fuel Production Credit

        Wednesday - August 07: (RWE) - NATSO, representing travel centers and truck stops, SIGMA: America's Leading Fuel Marketers, the National Association of Convenience Stores (NACS), American Trucking Associations and Truckload Carriers Association urged the U.S. Treasury Department and the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) to publish comprehensive guidance for the new 45Z Clean Fuel Production Credit that minimizes inflationary pressure on retail fuel prices.
        In a joint letter to the U.S. Department of Treasury and the Internal Revenue Service, the trade associations said impending guidance will have "immediate, direct, and traceable impacts" on the supply and price of gasoline and diesel. Fuel purchasers must be able to determine the precise tax credit value associated with each gallon of biofuel to ensure consumers access the value of the credit.
        "If designed improperly, the implementing guidance could inject massive disruption and confusion into already-volatile motor fuel and biofuels markets," the trade associations wrote. "The consequence will undoubtedly be higher prices at the pump for consumers."
        The new Clean Fuel Production Tax Credit differentiates between what historically have been fungible commodities. Today, every gallon of biodiesel and renewable diesel receives the same tax treatment. If implemented improperly, the Clean Fuel Production Credit threatens to inject disruption across the fuel chain.
        If upcoming guidance does not account for what today are routine commercial decisions when buying and blending biofuels, it will become increasingly difficult to avoid inflationary pressure on retail fuel prices. Treasury's implementing regulations for the 45Z Credit must also include additional stringency requirements for the model that calculates the lifecycle emissions of aviation fuels relative to the model that calculates the emissions of non-aviation fuels.
        NATSO, SIGMA, NACS, ATA and TCA look forward to working with the Treasury Department as it implements this new clean fuel policy.
        NATSO is the trade association of America's travel plaza and truck stop industry. Founded in 1960, NATSO represents the industry on legislative and regulatory matters; serves as the official source of information on the diverse travel plaza and truck stop industry; provides education to its members; conducts an annual convention and trade show; and supports efforts to generally improve the business climate in which its members operate. Contact: Tiffany Wlazlowski Neuman, Vice President, Public Affairs. 202-365-9459
        SIGMA is the national trade association representing the most successful, progressive, and innovative fuel marketers and chain retailers in the United States and Canada. Founded in 1958 as the Society of Independent Gasoline Marketers of America (SIGMA), SIGMA has become a fixture in the motor fuel marketing industry. Representing a diverse membership of approximately 250 independent chain retailers and marketers of motor fuel, the association serves to further the interests of both the branded and unbranded segment of the industry while providing information and services to members. For more information visit SIGMA.org.
!END

!STD
Enverus Acquires BidOut, energy's leading AI-powered procurement platform provider

        Wednesday - August 07: (RWE) - Enverus, the most trusted energy-dedicated SaaS company that leverages generative AI across its solutions, announced today it has acquired BidOut, the industry's premier AI-powered procurement platform specializing in requests for anything (RFx). Today's announcement marks a significant milestone for Enverus' suite of Business Automation solutions.
        BidOut, founded in 2020 and headquartered in Houston, empowers buyers to easily source bids from multiple suppliers by streamlining the RFx creation process, a process that has traditionally taken multiple days to accomplish. By directly connecting service providers with buyers, BidOut has rapidly expanded its customer base and their innovative technology and customer centric approach has already positioned them as a key player in the energy sector.
        The synergy between BidOut's RFx platform and Enverus' existing Source-to-Pay solution presents an exciting opportunity for the energy industry. By connecting BidOut's sourcing capabilities with Enverus' solutions, users can now manage their entire procurement process in our single Source-to-Pay platform. The integrated offering will enhance decision-making, save costs and time, and improve compliance and supplier management, ultimately optimizing procurement and enhancing supplier relationships.
        "The acquisition of BidOut marks a transformative milestone in accelerating Enverus' vision to become the foremost end-to-end provider of business automation solutions for the energy industry," stated Manuj Nikhanj, CEO of Enverus. "Currently, Enverus partners with more than 450 buyers and 40,000 suppliers, facilitating more than $250 billion annually in digital invoicing for our customers. By integrating BidOut's cutting-edge technology into our expansive network, we will immediately enhance value for our clients with our complete Source-to-Pay solution. This strategic acquisition underscores Enverus' commitment to driving efficiency and technological advancements across the energy sector.
        "As Enverus integrates BidOut's products and services into our existing suite, we anticipate customers across all the verticals we serve will truly benefit. This investment will not only accelerate product development and innovation, but these enhanced offerings will help define some of our customers' futures," said Jeff White, general manager of Business Automation at Enverus. White will lead the integration of BidOut into Enverus' platform.
        Learn more about Enverus' Business Automation solutions at Enverus.com/business-automation. 
        About Enverus: Enverus is the most trusted energy-dedicated SaaS company, with a platform built to maximize value from generative AI, offering anytime, anywhere access to analytics and insights. These include benchmark cost and revenue data sourced from more than 95% of U.S. energy producers and more than 40,000 suppliers. Our platform, with intelligent connections, drives more efficient production and distribution, capital allocation, renewable energy development, investment, and sourcing. Our experienced industry experts support our customers through thought leadership, consulting, and technology innovations. We provide intelligence across the energy ecosystem: renewables, oil and gas, financial institutions, and power and utilities, with more than 6,000 customers in 50 countries. Learn more at Enverus.com.
        About BidOut: BidOut is the leading procurement platform in the energy industry. BidOut was formed out of the basic need for one platform that streamlines the procurement process and connects service providers directly to the buyers. BidOut's mission is to put more control in the hands of the suppliers and streamline the bidding process for engineering, supply chain and procurement on one easy-to-use platform. BidOut was formed in 2020 by co-founders Rodney D. Giles & Tyler Cherry and is backed many industry veterans and investors. BidOut is focused on all-things-procurement for the oil and gas industry. Learn more at BidOut.app.
!END

!STD
Nuvve to Provide Second Quarter 2024 Financial Update

        Wednesday - August 07: (RWE) - Nuvve Holding Corp. (Nuvve) (Nasdaq: NVVE), a green energy technology company that provides a globally-available, commercial vehicle-to-grid (V2G) technology platform designed to enable electric vehicle (EV) batteries to store and resell unused energy back to the local electric grid and provides other grid services, will provide second quarter 2024 update on Tuesday, August 13, 2024.
        Nuvve will hold a conference call to review its financial results for the second quarter of 2024, along with other company developments at 5:00 PM Eastern Time (2:00 PM PT), Tuesday, August 13, 2024.
        To participate in the call, please register for and listen via a live webcast, which is available in the 'Events' section of Nuvve's investor relations website at https://investors.nuvve.com/.  In addition, a replay of the call will be made available for future access.
        About Nuvve: Nuvve (Nasdaq: NVVE) is a global technology leader accelerating the electrification of transportation through its proprietary vehicle-to-grid (V2G) platform. Nuvve's mission is to lower the cost of electric vehicle ownership while supporting the integration of renewable energy sources, including solar and wind. For more information, please visit www.nuvve.com. 
!END

!STD
H+H International A/S announces conditional sale of land for PLN 110 million

        Wednesday - August 07: (RWE) - H+H Polska Sp. z o.o. a subsidiary of H+H International A/S ("H+H"), has agreed on a conditional sale of land and buildings of its closed down factory in Warsaw to Polish residential developer ROBYG Group ("ROBYG") for a price of PLN 110 million net of tax (approximately DKK 190 million). The land held in perpetual usufruct has an area of 90,019 m² and consists of four land registers.
        The factory was closed as part of the factory network restructuring program carried out in 2023. H+H remains committed to the Polish market, with the Warsaw market now being supplied from other nearby H+H factories.
        The City of Warsaw has not exercised its statutory pre-emption right relating to the undeveloped parts of the land covered by two of the four land registrations with an area of 6,197 m² and 1,448 m², totalling 7,645 m².
        Completion of the transaction is contingent upon a tax ruling confirming that the transaction, as expected, is subject to VAT and not to civil law transactions tax (CLAT).
        Should the tax ruling establish that the price is subject to CLAT instead of VAT, the price terms change and City of Warsaw will once again have a statutory pre-emption right over the two pieces of registered land. In the unlikely event the City of Warsaw chooses to utilize these pre-emption rights in part or in full, the purchase price to be paid by the City of Warsaw will be between PLN 2-12 million. ROBYG will not be obliged to complete the remaining purchase.
        If, as expected, the tax ruling confirms the transaction is subject to VAT, a final sales agreement will follow. Should ROBYG refuse to enter into the final sales agreement or fails to deposit the purchase price, H+H is entitled to a guaranteed payment of PLN 20,000,000 from ROBYG and the land will be available for sale again.
        Completion is expected to take place at the latest by November 2024. H+H will announce completion, or alternatively non-completion.
        Payment to H+H for land and related buildings will be made in cash and be treated as a special item, having no impact on full-year guidance expectations.
!END

!STD
AFP Industries, Inc. Joins Growing Network Of Electrification Experts At Vanguard® Commercial Power

        Wednesday - August 07: (RWE) - Briggs & Stratton, a leading provider of power solutions for compact equipment, is proud to announce AFP Industries, Inc. (AFP) as the most recent addition to the Vanguard™ Battery Technology Partner program. AFP is a fluid power and automation distributor of products for equipment that leverages hydraulics, pneumatics and electrical controls.
        Over the past three years, Vanguard has added 14 companies to its Battery Technology Partner program to help eliminate barriers for original equipment manufacturers (OEMs) that don't have the resources or staff to dedicate to electrification. By aligning with solutions providers across North America, Vanguard is able to reach more OEMs in niche markets that are eager to bring electric options to market but may not know how and where to start.
        "We're thrilled to welcome AFP Industries, Inc., to our Battery Technology Partner program," said David Frank, Senior Vice President and President of Electrification at Briggs & Stratton. "AFP's specialized knowledge and customer base complement our power application experience and battery product offerings. Together, we'll continue to drive innovation in compact equipment electrification."
        Based in Richmond, Virginia and with offices in North Carolina, South Carolina, Georgia, Florida and East Tennessee, AFP serves industrial processing and manufacturing customers, mobile equipment operators and mobile and industrial OEMs. The company specializes in helping these customers transition traditionally engine-driven hydraulic systems to battery power.
        "We're excited to partner with Vanguard and integrate their products and technology with our customer's vehicle electrification needs," said Pat Wynne, VP of Sales at AFP. "Vanguard's experience in power application coupled with its wide battery product offerings and commitment to the compact equipment market will go a long way in helping us better serve our customers."
        Designed, engineered and assembled in the United States, Vanguard battery products are backed by the robust Briggs & Stratton service network. Vanguard recently extended its commercial limited warranty to eight years* on its entire lineup of Lithium-Ion batteries.
        About Briggs & Stratton: Briggs & Stratton, headquartered in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, provides innovative products and diverse power solutions to help people get work done. Briggs & Stratton is the world's largest producer of engines for lawn and garden, turf care and job site power equipment and is a leading designer, manufacturer and marketer of lithium-ion batteries, standby generators and energy storage systems through its Briggs & Stratton®, Vanguard®, Ferris®, Simplicity®, Snapper®, Billy Goat®, Allmand®, Branco® and Victa® brands. Briggs & Stratton products are designed, manufactured, marketed and serviced in over 100 countries on six continents.
        About AFP Industries, Inc.: AFP Industries, Inc. was founded in 1971 and has consistently served customers' Motion & Control needs in the Southeast since that time through implementation of hydraulic, pneumatic, automation, and fluid connector technologies. Our presence has expanded with retail and sales operations in 12 locations throughout the Southeast. We provide innovative solutions to meet the needs of our customers using the technologies we represent. 
!END

!STD
ReconAfrica Announces An Operations Update

        Wednesday - August 07: (RWE) - Reconnaissance Energy Africa Ltd. (the "Company" or "ReconAfrica") (TSXV: RECO) (OTCQX: RECAF) (Frankfurt: 0XD), announces an operations update with respect to activity relating to Petroleum Exploration Licence 73 ("PEL 73"), onshore northeast Namibia.
        Brian Reinsborough, President and CEO commented: "With the Company funded for our multi-well exploration program and the joint venture agreement in place with BW Energy, focus returns to operations associated with the Naingopo exploration well and other activities on PEL 73. The Naingopo well is currently drilling on schedule and on budget to a depth of 1,450 metres and we will soon be drilling into key targeted intervals. We will continue to drill through key intervals throughout the remainder of the well, which is targeted to complete drilling in early October with results thereafter. We are pleased with the performance of our drilling crew and all the people from our key third party contractors. Elsewhere on PEL 73, we have started construction on the access road leading to Prospect P, our second Damara Fold Belt exploration well, which is targeted to commence drilling in Q4 2024. One year ago this month I began my journey with the Company, during which, we have implemented widespread strategic and tactical changes and are currently executing multiple facets of our high impact exploration program which we expect to deliver significant value for shareholders."  
        The Naingopo exploration well has been drilled to a depth of 1,450 metres, with surface casing set at 350 metres and a first casing string set at 1,200 metres. The well has been tracking to drilling depth and well cost estimates, with everything on schedule and plan.
        As a reminder, the Naingopo well is targeting 181 million barrels of unrisked prospective light/medium oil resources(1) or 937 billion cubic feet of prospective natural gas resources(1), on a 100% working interest basis, based on the most recent prospective resources report prepared by Netherland, Sewell & Associates, Inc. ("NSAI"). The well is targeting to drill to a depth of approximately 3,800 metres or 12,500 feet and is expected to encounter four primary reservoir intervals targeting both oil and natural gas. If successful, the well would be a major play opening discovery providing access to multiple drill ready prospects.  
        Elsewhere on PEL 73, the Company continues to make progress in the construction of the access road for the second Damara Fold Belt exploration well, Prospect P, which is expected to start drilling in the fourth quarter of 2024. Prospect P is targeting 309 million barrels of unrisked prospective light/medium oil resources(1) or 1.6 trillion cubic feet of prospective natural gas resources(1), on a 100% working interest basis, based on the most recent prospective resources report prepared by NSAI.
        There is no certainty that any portion of the resources will be discovered. If discovered, there is no certainty that it will be commercially viable to produce any portion of the resources. Prospective resources are those quantities of oil estimated, as of a given date, to be potentially recoverable from undiscovered accumulations by application of future development projects. Prospective resources have both an associated chance of discovery and a chance of development. Prospective resources are the arithmetic sum of multiple probability distributions. Unrisked prospective resources are estimates are the volumes that could reasonably be expected to be recovered in the event of the discovery and development of these prospects.
        The Company is working with Polaris Natural Resources Ltd. in testing the use of vibroseis as a source for the potential acquisition of 3D seismic covering a section of the Kavango Rift Basin. Current testing is being undertaken to compare results using the vibroseis as a source compared to previously acquired data using the acceleration weight drop system. The results of the testing will provide the data necessary to appropriately plan and execute a potential 3D seismic program in 2025.
        ReconAfrica is a Canadian oil and gas company engaged in the exploration of the Damara Fold Belt and Kavango Rift Basin in the Kalahari Desert of northeastern Namibia and northwestern Botswana, where the Company holds petroleum licenses comprising ~8 million contiguous acres. In all aspects of its operations ReconAfrica is committed to minimal disturbance of habitat in line with international standards and will implement environmental and social best practices in all of its project areas.
!END

!STD
Soft Robotics Adopts Compelling New Business Strategy and Becomes Oxipital AI, While Announcing Divestiture of its Soft Gripping Business to The Schmalz Group

        Wednesday - August 07: (RWE) - Soft Robotics Inc., a leading innovator in soft gripping, 3D vision, and artificial intelligence solutions for industrial automation, today announced the divestiture of its gripper business assets to the Schmalz Group for an undisclosed sum. The company also announced that it has reformed as Oxipital AI, with a mission to deliver its transformative AI technology to customers in critical industries, enabling an entirely new generation of resilient, efficient, and sustainable manufacturing.
        The divestiture of the company's gripper hardware business marks a significant milestone in its 10-year evolution. It enables the company to focus its resources and expertise on advancing the commercialization of its groundbreaking end-to-end visual AI solutions optimized for high-speed product inspection and robotic picking.
        "For years, our AI vision solutions have enabled the automation of labor-intensive processes in the food industry," said Mark Chiappetta, President & CEO of Oxipital AI. "Although under a new banner, we remain steadfast in our commitment to customers as they embrace Industry 5.0, and in providing the AI technology they need to unlock previously unattainable levels of resiliency, sustainability, and resource efficiency in their manufacturing operations." 
        The company will launch with a new corporate identity and a focused commitment to driving innovation in machine vision and AI. "The Oxipital AI brand name was selected because it aligns more closely with the technology, paying homage to the visual processing center of the human brain," said Austin Harvey, VP of Product and Marketing at the company. "Our vision solutions unlock latent process inefficiencies through deep object understanding and provide a previously unavailable pathway to further increase manufacturing yield, throughput, and margins, while reducing product waste and ecological footprint."
        For more information about Oxipital AI or how the company's technology can elevate your operation, please visit the company website at www.oxipitalai.com or contact Julie Collura ([email protected]), Director of Marketing Communications, Oxipital AI.
        Oxipital AI is hosting a live webinar on Wednesday, August 21, 2024, at 11:00 AM ET. During this event, the company will present its Visual AI technologies for inspection and vision-guided robotic applications. Register for the event here.
        Oxipital AI is a leader in AI-enabled machine vision technologies for robotic process automation and product inspection in critical industries such as food processing, agriculture, and consumer goods production. The company's mission is to deliver actionable insights through deep object understanding, to customers, as they embrace Industry 5.0 and to unlock previously unachievable levels of resiliency, efficiency, and sustainability in their manufacturing operations.
        Schmalz is one of the market leaders in vacuum automation and ergonomic handling systems. Schmalz products are used all over the world, for example in applications in the logistics industry, the automotive industry, the electronics sector or in furniture production. The wide range of products in the Vacuum Automation unit includes individual components such as suction cups and vacuum generators, as well as complete gripping systems and clamping solutions for holding workpieces, for example in CNC machining centers.
!END

!STD
The RISE Group, Inc. Appoints Judith Ventura as New Chief Financial Officer

        Wednesday - August 07: (RWE) - The RISE Group, Inc. today announced the appointment of Judith Ventura, CPA, CGMA as its Chief Financial Officer (CFO). Ventura, who has a long-standing association with Thielsch/The RISE Group, will be responsible for oversight of the company's financial strategies and initiatives, positioning the company to continue its rapid expansion in the face of increasing demand for its wide-ranging services.
        "Judith is an accomplished finance and accounting professional who brings a wealth of experience and a deep understanding of our company's operations," said Vin Graziano, CEO of The RISE Group. "Her background in employee-owned companies and her forward-thinking approach will be invaluable as we continue to drive growth and implement transformative changes. We are very excited to welcome Judith to our leadership team."
        Ventura has been a vital business consultant and the leader of The RISE Group's annual audit team for many years from her prior position as Partner in the Real Estate and Construction Groups at the accounting firm of KLR. Her impressive credentials include membership and service on many boards in construction industry professional associations in the region, including recognition as a two-time recipient of the Associated Builders and Contractors of RI Chairman Award and the Providence Business News 40 Under Forty award.
        "The RISE Group is a dynamic company with a strong commitment to innovation and growth," said Ventura. "I am excited to join our employee-owners and contribute to the next chapter of the company's success. There are significant opportunities ahead, and I look forward to working with the team to help our customers meet the challenges of our changing times."
        The RISE Group, Inc. is a multidisciplinary professional services company that provides a complete range of energy, engineering, and environmental testing to customers throughout the United States and internationally. Its operating divisions are highly regarded for their delivery of premium quality technical offerings from its offices in New England, New York, Ohio, Texas, and Florida. The RISE Group is a 100% employee-owned company, with over 600 staff participating in its Employee Stock Ownership Plan (ESOP).
        For more information, contact: Vincent R. Graziano, PresidentThe RISE Group, Inc.(401) 784-3700 x 6115[email protected]
!END

!STD
Atlanta Motorsports Park Amps up Its Dawsonville Track Campus With 358kW Solar Array

        Wednesday - August 07: (RWE) - A large solar farm is coming to Atlanta Motorsports Park (AMP), a premier motorsports club in Dawsonville renowned for its F1-style road course and thrilling karting course.
        Located in Dawsonville, Ga., the AMP campus is adding solar power through an array of 747 panels, generating 480 watts per panel, for a total of 358 kilowatts (kW). That's enough energy to power nearly 300 homes! This investment follows AMP's attack on sustainability with the recent addition of EV chargers: 10 Level 3 DC Superchargers, and 8 Level 2. Coupled with all LED lighting, solar powered CCTV/Signs, on site water/wastewater treatment, and efficient fixtures show the commitment to making a positive environmental impact.
        In AMP's case, the solar installation will power about 60% of the campus's daily operational needs with clean, renewable energy. It will be connected to 5 buildings, at the onset, including the karting facilities and the park's newly constructed, member-exclusive Sky Deck.
        The solar energy configuration is supplied courtesy of Hannah Solar, an Atlanta-based solar installation and maintenance firm known for its quality workmanship.
        Supporting local businesses, Hannah Solar acquired panels for AMP that were manufactured locally by Hanwha Q. Cells at their Dalton, Ga. fabrication plant. The array also makes use of SolarEdge inverters, in addition to racking hardware by Ironridge and Panelclaw.
        The system represents a substantial investment in furthering the self-sustaining capabilities of AMP. Once the array goes live, the campus will be able to reduce strain on the local power grid while offsetting the environmental cost of over half of AMP's operational needs.
        Annually, the installation is capable of generating 450,300 kWh of clean energy, offsetting 7,312 pounds of CO2  emissions over a 30-year period, according to an estimation tool provided by the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA). The EPA's calculations state this offset is equivalent to eliminating over 16.6 million miles of road vehicle travel, or akin to planting 109,600 trees.
        AMP CEO Jeremy Porter was positively glowing about the announcement. "The ability to generate over half of our energy needs through solar pushes us closer to our vision of making AMP's campus its own self-sustaining community and resort. We are thrilled at our ability to reduce strain on the local grid while achieving a substantial positive environmental impact. The CEO of Amicalola EMC shared that this solar development at Atlanta Motorsports Park is the largest solar farm in his power region."
        With the help of consultants at Hannah Solar, the project was able to recoup 50% of its total costs using a U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) Rural Energy for America Program Renewable Energy Systems, or REAP, Grant.
!END

!STD
Fictiv Honored as 2024 Great Supply Chain Partner by SupplyChainBrain

        Wednesday - August 07: (RWE) - Fictiv, a global manufacturing company, is proud to announce that it has been named a 2024 Great Supply Chain Partner by SupplyChainBrain. This prestigious industry award recognizes Fictiv's outstanding supply chain services that help customers simplify sourcing for custom mechanical parts and assemblies from early stage prototyping to mass production manufacturing.
        Since its founding in 2013, Fictiv has radically improved the speed, quality, and accessibility of custom manufacturing through its global network, quote-to-order platform, and in-region supply chain and quality teams in the United States, Mexico, India, and China. Customers across industries, including Honeywell Aerospace, quip, and Transmed7 have used Fictiv to shave months off of production lead times, unlock revenue backlogs, lower COGS, and reduce the operational overhead otherwise required to manage complex, multi-tier custom manufacturing supply chains. This is all accomplished through an AI-powered, cloud-connected supply chain to de-risk sourcing for critical custom components.
        "At Fictiv, we are committed to helping supply chain leaders achieve the global supply chain scale, reliability, and cost efficiencies they need to succeed in today's environment," said Dave Evans, CEO of Fictiv. "The SupplyChainBrain customer poll and nomination validates our dedication to helping supply chain professionals solve their most pressing challenges."
        "For twenty-two consecutive years, SupplyChainBrain has published our much-anticipated list of 100 Great Supply Chain Partners — a select group of companies whose customers recognize them for providing outstanding solutions and services," said Brad Berger, Publisher of SupplyChainBrain. "This year's field of nominees was highly competitive and overall excellent, coming from all areas of supply chain management. Your company should be proud to be named as one of the 100 Great!"
        The Great Supply Chain Partner list is based on a six-month online poll of supply chain professionals that requires a qualified response, asking them to nominate vendors and service providers whose solutions have made a significant impact on their company's efficiency, customer service and overall supply chain performance.
        For more information on Fictiv and its offerings, please visit their website here.
        About Fictiv: Fictiv is a global manufacturing company that simplifies sourcing for custom manufacturing, from prototype to production. Through its highly-vetted manufacturing network, AI-powered technology platform, and global operations centers across the USA, Mexico, India, and China, Fictiv delivers fast, high-quality custom manufacturing services from quote to delivery. Fictiv's capabilities span the full mechanical bill of materials, including Injection Molding, Compression Molding, 3D Printing, CNC Machining, Urethane Casting, Die Casting, and Sheet Metal. To date, Fictiv has delivered more than 30 million commercial and prototype parts for early-stage companies and large enterprises alike, helping them innovate faster, free up precious resources, and drive profitable growth.
!END

!STD
SolarMax Technology, Inc. Announces Proposed Milestone Project in the U.S., Establishing Its Leadership Position

        Wednesday - August 07: (RWE) - SolarMax Technology, Inc. (Nasdaq: SMXT) ("SolarMax" or the "Company"), an integrated renewable energy company, is pleased to announce its plan to expand its business in the U.S. market, dedicated to leading the revolution with innovative smart solar systems. The company has signed a non-binding memorandum of understanding for its first major commercial solar installation project in the U.S. The proposed project, which is located in Las Vegas, would include a 4.27-megawatt photovoltaic solar power plant, a 2.0 megawatt energy storage system, and 10 advanced electric vehicle charging stations. This project marks a potentially significant milestone in SolarMax' commitment to advancing the future of solar power in America.
        The U.S. solar market, already the second-largest globally, is experiencing significant growth, with projections indicating a 17% compound annual growth rate through 2025 and a market value reaching $125 billion by 2030. SolarMax is ready to capitalize on this growth, bringing its experience in developing and managing solar projects, advanced solar and energy storage technology, and a customer-centric approach to deliver projects that not only meet, but exceed, expectations.
        David Hsu, CEO of SolarMax, expressed his excitement in the project, stating, "This project represents the beginning of an exciting new chapter for SolarMax. Our track record of successful large-scale solar projects uniquely positions us to lead the U.S. market."
        SolarMax is an integrated solar and renewable energy company. A solar energy system retains the direct current (DC) electricity from the sun and converts it to alternating current (AC) electricity that can be used to power residential homes and commercial businesses. The solar business is based on the ability of the users of solar energy systems to save on energy costs and reduce their carbon imprint as compared with power purchased from the local electricity utility company. SolarMax was founded in 2008 to engage in the solar business in the United States and commenced operations in China in 2016. SolarMax' United States operations primarily consist of the sale and installation of photovoltaic and battery backup systems for residential and commercial customers and sales of LED systems and services to government and commercial users. SolarMax' China operations consist primarily of identifying and procuring solar farm projects for resale to third parties and performing EPC services primarily for solar farm projects. All of SolarMax' revenues for 2022 and 2023 and the first half of 2024 was generated by its United States operations. SolarMax' website is www.solarmaxtech.com. Any information contained on, or that can be accessed through, our website or any other website or any social media is not a part of this press release.
!END

!STD
Sitetracker Adds New Features, Giving Energy, Digital Infrastructure, and Utility Companies Greater Power Over Infrastructure Projects

        Wednesday - August 07: (RWE) - Sitetracker, the world's leading provider of deployment operations management software, has unveiled several new features that will give customers even greater control, insight, and power over their critical energy, utility, and digital infrastructure projects. Many of the world's largest EV charging, fiber, tower, and clean energy companies already rely on Sitetracker's flagship cloud solution, and with these latest features, companies can deploy infrastructure projects even more quickly, efficiently, and accurately than ever before.
        "Sitetracker's operations management tools, including project, financial, workforce, site and asset functions, as well as its analytics and built-in best practices, are helping critical infrastructure providers enable growing economies, thriving communities, and the energy transition," said Giuseppe Incitti, CEO of Sitetracker. "Because our customers' work is essential to creating a more connected and sustainable world, we are always innovating based on customers' changing needs in their dynamic industries. The new features we've rolled out are good examples of our commitment to ensuring customers have the tools they need to pave their paths to success."
        Earlier in 2024, Sitetracker released a variety of additional enhancements such as, lease escalators, inventory search, and bulk-job creation. Additionally, customers are rapidly adopting Sitetracker's cutting-edge GIS link tools which help bridge communication and handovers between design and construction teams with geospatial data. Sitetracker is consistently pushing new functionality out for its customers, underscoring its commitment to delivering value across all industry segments.
        About Sitetracker: Sitetracker powers the rapid deployment of tomorrow's infrastructure. The global leader in deployment operations management software, Sitetracker helps innovative companies like Cox, Telefonica, EVgo, E.on, Engie, Nextera, Comcast, ChargePoint, Cypress Creek Renewables, Ziply, Southern Company, Iberdrola, Vodafone, Vantage Towers, VerticalBridge, and Congruex plan, deploy, and manage millions of programs, projects, sites, and assets across nearly 300 customers globally. By giving digital infrastructure, clean energy, EV charging, utility, and real estate teams a cloud-based solution that works easily and effectively, Sitetracker accelerates the transition to a fully connected and sustainable future. Deploy what's next. For more information, please request a demo.
!END

!STD
Antimicrobial Materials Sector Surges Amid Hygiene and Health Revolution

        Wednesday - August 07: (RWE) - The antimicrobial materials industry is experiencing unprecedented growth, fuelled by a heightened focus on hygiene and cleanliness post-pandemic. Customers in the plastics, coatings, textiles, fabrics, and ceramics sectors are now prioritising sustainability, hygiene, and health impacts over aesthetics and utility.
        This shift has spurred materials manufacturers to innovate, resulting in the development of antimicrobial materials - a breakthrough capturing customer interest and generating significant growth opportunities.
        Frost & Sullivan forecasts a robust CAGR of 14.7% for the antimicrobial materials industry from 2023 to 2030, projecting the global total addressable market to approach $61 billion by the end of the period.
        The antimicrobial materials industry is set for a transformational journey, with hygiene and health at the forefront. For further information on this analysis, please click here
        Customer preferences are rapidly evolving towards materials that prevent spoilage and decay while ensuring human safety. Technological advancements are making these materials more effective, accessible, and affordable, facilitating their application across various industries:
        The market is highly competitive, with players like Avient, Sarex, Ultra Fresh, and NIChem focusing on specific segments. This decade will see intensified competition and significant innovations poised to disrupt the industry.
        Frost & Sullivan anticipates close collaboration between end-user industries and additive companies to tackle challenges and deliver optimal solutions. "Cross-industry collaboration is crucial as each market has unique dynamics and regulatory requirements. Collaborative efforts can streamline R&D, manufacturing, and distribution processes, resulting in innovative antimicrobial solutions with broad applications," highlights Dr. Brian Balmer, Growth Expert at Frost & Sullivan.
        Frost & Sullivan, the growth pipeline company, enables clients to accelerate growth and achieve best-in-class positions in growth, innovation, and leadership. The company's Growth Pipeline as a Service provides the CEO and the CEO's Growth Team with transformational strategies and best-practice models to drive the generation, evaluation, and implementation of powerful growth initiatives. Frost & Sullivan leverages over 60 years of experience in partnering with Global 1000 companies, emerging businesses, and the investment community from more than 40 offices on six continents.
!END

!STD
Emissions Data Now Available Online for Reworld™ Thermomechanical Treatment Facility in Preston

        Wednesday - August 07: (RWE) - Reworld™, a leader in sustainable waste solutions, announced today that emissions data for the Southeastern Connecticut Resource Recovery, also known as Reworld™ SECONN is available to the public online.
        This data is precisely what Reworld™ operators at the thermomechanical treatment facility use to monitor operational performance. Residents now have a virtual seat in the control room to experience the science behind sustainable waste processing and observe how Reworld™ stewards reliable and sustainable waste solutions in the community. The data can be found on the SECONN facility's webpage.
        "By making this data readily available, we are providing surrounding communities a feeling of confidence and pride knowing that the waste being processed at the thermomechanical treatment facility is being done so both sustainably and safely," said Tequila Smith, chief sustainability officer at Reworld™ which operates the facility. "Furthermore, we hope the public comes to appreciate the positive contributions of the waste-to-energy technology deployed at the facility in terms of mitigating global warming, increasing recycling and moving us toward our climate goals."
        Continuous emissions monitoring is an important tool in determining a facility's compliance with the strict emission limits set forth in its operating permit, which is established in accordance with the federal Clean Air Act and Connecticut's stringent regulatory requirements.
        "I am pleased we are demonstrating our expedited verbal commitments to publicly share our emissions data as requested by both local officials and the general public," said Mark Van Weelden, Reworld™ Area Asset Manager for Connecticut.
        Reworld™ SECONN serves a consortium of 12 municipalities in Southeastern Connecticut including East Lyme, Griswold, Groton, Ledyard, Montville, New London, North Stonington, Norwich, Preston, Sprague, Stonington and Waterford.
        Waste-to-Energy technology used at thermomechanical treatment facilities diverts waste from landfills, which are a major source of methane, a greenhouse gas far more potent than carbon dioxide. In total, the facility processes more than 250,000 tons of waste annually.
        About Reworld™: Reworld™ is a leader in sustainable waste solutions, providing innovative and environmentally responsible services to a global community. Reworld™ is committed to advancing zero waste initiatives and supporting sustainability goals through state-of-the-art technologies that reimagine, reduce, reuse, recycle, recover and renew. For more information, visit www.reworldwaste.com.
!END

!STD
Norfolk Southern and ATDA initiate C3RS pilot program

        Wednesday - August 07: (RWE) - Norfolk Southern Corporation (NYSE: NSC) and the American Train Dispatchers Association (ATDA), in partnership with the Federal Railroad Administration (FRA), announced Tuesday their joint participation in the FRA's Confidential Close Call Reporting System (C3RS). This pilot program is designed to enhance communication and transparency to help improve railroad safety.
        Under the one-year C3RS pilot, dispatchers at Norfolk Southern can report safety concerns with the certainty that such reports will not result in discipline. Submitted safety concerns are de-identified by NASA and provided for review by a joint committee of NS, ATDA, and FRA representatives, who will identify and recommend corrective actions to improve safety.
        In January 2024, Norfolk Southern announced the first pilot program under the FRA's supervision in the industry, in conjunction with the Brotherhood of Locomotive Engineers and Trainmen, and the International Association of Sheet Metal, Air, Rail and Transportation Workers – Transportation Division.
        "This is another step in our journey to become the gold standard of safety in the rail industry," said Alan H. Shaw, Norfolk Southern president and CEO. "We committed to working with our unions to make our safe railroad even safer, and we're proud to increase engagement and feedback through this pilot program. On behalf of Norfolk Southern, I want to thank the FRA for their leadership and reiterate our shared commitment to keeping rail the safest way to move freight over land."
        In April 2024, the American Train Dispatchers Association announced the first Class I train dispatcher pilot program, covering 100% of the Burlington Northern Santa Fe train dispatchers, and is currently the only C3RS pilot program on BNSF.
        "Having reached C3RS agreements with two of the Class I Railroads, I encourage each of the remaining Class I's to follow the path we have set with BNSF and NS," said ATDA President Ed Dowell. "We cannot continue to accept accidents as the price of doing business in this industry. Changing over a century of adversarial culture takes courage and I appreciate Norfolk Southern's leadership in recognizing that C3RS can make a difference. We also thank Secretary Buttigieg and FRA Administrator Bose for prioritizing C3RS expansion to the Class I railroads."
        "C3RS is a commonsense safety program that allows workers to confidentially share their experiences and safety concerns to prevent unnecessary accidents, injuries, or deaths. I appreciate the American Train Dispatchers Association and Norfolk Southern coming together to join this important program," said FRA Administrator Amit Bose. "All Class I railroads and their workers stand to benefit from the C3RS program, and FRA remains fully committed to expanding participation in this program even further."
        Participation in this C3RS pilot is further reinforcement of Norfolk Southern, ATDA, and FRA's shared commitment to collaboration and transparency to advance safety. Key goals of the C3RS pilot program include:
        About Norfolk Southern: Since 1827, Norfolk Southern Corporation (NYSE: NSC) and its predecessor companies have safely moved the goods and materials that drive the U.S. economy. Today, it operates a customer-centric and operations-driven freight transportation network. Committed to furthering sustainability, Norfolk Southern helps its customers avoid approximately 15 million tons of yearly carbon emissions by shipping via rail. Its dedicated team members deliver more than 7 million carloads annually, from agriculture to consumer goods, and is the largest rail shipper of auto products and metals in North America. Norfolk Southern also has the most extensive intermodal network in the eastern U.S., serving a majority of the country's population and manufacturing base, with connections to every major container port on the Atlantic coast as well as the Gulf of Mexico and Great Lakes. Learn more by visiting www.NorfolkSouthern.com.
        About American Train Dispatchers Association: The American Train Dispatchers Association is an AFL-CIO-affiliated craft union representing members on Class 1, Commuter, Passenger, and Shortline Railroads who safely and efficiently control trains and on-track equipment, as well as protect signalmen, maintenance of way employees, and other on-track workers.  Additionally, the ATDA represents bridge operators, clerks, conductors, engineers, load dispatchers, maintenance of way, power directors, power supervisors, and yardmasters. The organization is headquartered in Cleveland, OH. You can learn more about ATDA at www.ATDA.org.
!END

!STD
Hycroft Announces Second Quarter 2024 Results

        Wednesday - August 07: (RWE) - Hycroft Mining Holding Corporation (Nasdaq: HYMC) ("Hycroft" or "the Company") announces quarterly results for the three months ended June 30, 2024.
        Diane R. Garrett, Hycroft's President & CEO, commented: "We continued our safety and operational excellence focus in the quarter ended June 30, 2024, as we operated without a lost time accident and achieved a zero total recordable injury frequency rate for the 8th consecutive quarter. The metallurgical test and design work for a sulfide milling operation is advancing, and the exploration team continued to expand its understanding of the new high-grade silver system. Through the meticulous ground based technical work, the team has identified additional opportunities for high-grade silver and gold adjacent to the known resource.  Geophysics and structural interpretations have increased our understanding of the high-grade mineralization controls are guiding the expansion of the two trends along strike and at depth in addition to identifying new areas to explore. Our metallurgical, engineering, and exploration work and ongoing safety and operational excellence focus continue to move Hycroft up the value chain."
        The Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended June 30, 2024, is available at www.sec.gov/edgar. See "Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements" below.
        Hycroft Mining Holding Corporation is a US-based gold and silver company exploring and developing the Hycroft Mine, one of the world's largest precious metals deposits located in northern Nevada, a Tier-1 mining jurisdiction. After a long history of oxide heap leaching operations, the Company is focused on completing the technical studies to transition the Hycroft Mine into a large-scale milling operation for processing the sulfide ore. In addition, the Company is engaged in a robust exploration drill program to unlock the full potential of our expansive +64,000-acre land package, of which less than 10% has been explored. In 2023, Hycroft announced the discovery of a new high-grade silver system within the known resource area and the delineation of two new high-grade silver trends. These discoveries represent a significant new value driver for the Hycroft Mine that the Company is following up on with additional drilling in 2024.
!END

!STD
Techtronic Industries Delivers Strong 2024 First Half Results

        Wednesday - August 07: (RWE) - Global leader in cordless Professional Tools, DIY Tools, and Outdoor Power Equipment, Techtronic Industries Co. Ltd. ("TTI" or the "Group") (stock code: 669, OTCQX: TTNDY, TTNDF) is pleased to announce the unaudited consolidated results of the Company and its subsidiaries for the six-month period ended June 30, 2024. TTI grew sales in the first half of 2024 to US$7.3 billion, up 6.3% in reported currency and 6.6% in local currency. MILWAUKEE delivered double-digit sales growth in local currency and RYOBI outperformed the market.
        Gross margin improved 67 bps to 39.9% in the first half of 2024. We finished the first half of 2024 with US$4,027 million of inventory, a reduction of US$71 million from year end 2023 and US$554 million compared to the first half of last year. We delivered US$626 million of EBIT in the first half, growing 11.8% over the comparable period in 2023. EBIT Margin as a percentage of sales was 8.6%, an increase of 42 bps from the first half of 2023. Net Profit increased 15.7% to US$550 million. Net Interest costs for the first half decreased 34.0% to US$32 million, reflecting our outstanding reduction in higher-cost debt and effective utilization of lower interest rate facilities. Earnings per share also increased 15.8% to US30.12 cents. Working capital as a percent of sales improved 409 bps to 18.7% as compared to June 2023. Gearing improved to 9.2% as we delivered US$508 million of positive Free Cash Flow in the first half of 2024, an improvement of US$207 million from the first half of 2023. We are well positioned to continue driving strong Free Cash Flow conversion in the years to come. 
        The TTI Power Equipment segment grew sales 7.1% in local currency to US$6.9 billion. MILWAUKEE business delivered another period of double-digit growth in the first half, finishing the period up 11.2% in local currency. Our Consumer group of businesses delivered solid first half 2024 results. Led by strong performance in Outdoor, RYOBI delivered mid-single digit sales growth compared with the first half of last year. Our consumer Floorcare and Cleaning business delivered profit improvement of US$9.1 million and revenue of US$428 million which was comparable to the revenue generated for the first half of last year.
        The Directors have resolved to declare an interim dividend of HK108.00 cents (approximately US13.90 cents) (2023: HK95.00 cents (approximately US12.23 cents)) per share for the six-month period ended June 30, 2024. The interim dividend will be paid to shareholders listed on the register of members of the Company on September 6, 2024. It is expected that the interim dividend will be paid on or about September 19, 2024.
        Mr. Horst Julius Pudwill, Chairman of TTI, said, "We delivered outstanding results in the first half of 2024, including generating strong Free Cash Flow and strengthening our balance sheet through disciplined working capital management. With the promotion of Steven Philip Richman to CEO and the deep talent pool supporting him, we are extremely well positioned to continue growing the overall market and extending our leadership position.  
        Mr. Steven Philip Richman, CEO of TTI, commented, "Our first half performance demonstrates our focus on extending our market leadership position within our MILWAUKEE and Consumer group of businesses, while delivering a strong financial performance. We remain laser focused on our strategy of investing in demonstrably better, technologically advanced new products and exceptional people to drive our growth."
        TTI is a world leader in cordless technology spanning Power Tools, Outdoor Power Equipment, Floorcare and Cleaning Products for the DIY, consumer, professional, and industrial users in the home, construction, maintenance, industrial and infrastructure industries. The Company has a foundation built on four strategic drivers – Powerful Brands, Innovative Products, Exceptional People and Operational Excellence - reflecting an expansive long-term vision to advance cordless technology. The global growth strategy of the relentless pursuit of product innovation has brought TTI to the forefront of its industries while maintaining high environmental, social and corporate governance standards. TTI's powerful brand portfolio includes MILWAUKEE, RYOBI and AEG power tools, accessories and hand tools, RYOBI outdoor products, EMPIRE layout and measuring products, and HOOVER, VAX, DIRT DEVIL and ORECK floorcare cleaning products and solutions.
        Founded in 1985 and listed on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited in 1990, TTI is one of the constituent stocks of the Hang Seng Index, Hang Seng Corporate Sustainability Benchmark Index, FTSE RAFI™ All-World 3000 Index, FTSE4Good Developed Index, and MSCI ACWI Index. The Company also trades on the OTCQX Best Market under the symbols "TTNDY" and "TTNDF". For more information, please visit www.ttigroup.com.
        All trademarks listed other than AEG, OTCQX, and RYOBI are owned by the Group. AEG is a registered trademark of AB Electrolux (publ.), and is used under license. OTCQX is a registered trademark of OTC Markets Group Inc. RYOBI is a registered trademark of Ryobi Limited, and is used under license.
!END

!STD
Tortoise Capital Advisors Plans Merger of Three Closed-End Funds into Active ETF

        Wednesday - August 07: (RWE) - Tortoise Capital Advisors, L.L.C. (Tortoise Capital), a fund manager focused on traditional energy and power infrastructure investing, today announced its plans to merge three of its closed-end funds into a newly formed actively managed exchange-traded fund (ETF), Tortoise Power and Energy Infrastructure ETF.
        The three similar funds merging into an active ETF are Tortoise Power and Energy Infrastructure Fund, Inc. (NYSE: TPZ), Tortoise Pipeline & Energy Fund, Inc. (NYSE: TTP), and Tortoise Energy Independence Fund, Inc. (NYSE: NDP), with TPZ as the surviving strategy. Tortoise Capital expects the ETF to adopt the accounting and performance history of TPZ as well as maintain a similar investment strategy, investing primarily in fixed income and dividend-paying equity securities of power and energy infrastructure companies.
        This merger of the closed-end funds was approved by the board of directors and is consistent with its efforts to provide shareholder value through strategic initiatives.
        Tortoise Capital, the manager of TPZ, TTP, and NDP, will continue as manager of Tortoise Power and Energy Infrastructure ETF with the same investment team that has been in place at the closed-end funds. The combined assets in the three funds to be merged, including leverage, totaled $313.3 million as of July 31, 2024. Tortoise expects the management fee of the ETF to be 85 basis points.
        "We believe these actions are in the best interest of fund shareholders, providing them greater liquidity without a potential discount to net asset value," said Tom Florence, CEO of Tortoise Capital. "Actively managed ETFs will play an ever-growing role in fund investing and we will continue to evaluate the structure for our other products."   
        Tortoise Capital expects the transactions will close in the fourth quarter, subject to requisite fund shareholder approvals, satisfaction of applicable regulatory requirements and approvals, and customary closing conditions. Each merger is intended to qualify as a tax-free reorganization for federal income tax purposes. No merger is contingent upon any other merger. There is no assurance when or whether such approvals, or any other approvals required for the transactions, will be obtained. More information on the proposed transactions will be contained in proxy materials and registration statement materials that TPZ, TTP, and NDP and the newly created ETF anticipate filing in the coming weeks.
        The company recently announced a strategic restructuring through which it will sell its Ecofin Advisors Limited business and its private credit business to focus on traditional energy and power infrastructure investing.
        Based in Overland Park, Kansas, Tortoise Capital Advisors is an SEC-registered fund manager that invests primarily in publicly traded companies in the energy and power infrastructure sectors—from production to transportation to distribution. With approximately $8 billion in assets under management as of July 31, 2024, Tortoise Capital's solid record of investment experience and research dates back more than 20 years. As one of the earliest investors in midstream energy, Tortoise Capital believes it is well-positioned to be at the forefront of the global energy evolution that is under way. For more information about Tortoise Capital, visit www.Tortoiseadvisors.com.
!END

!STD
Acquisition of Polyisoprene Chemical Facility Makes U.S. Medical Glove Company Only End-to-End, Made-in-America Producer of Medical Gloves

        Wednesday - August 07: (RWE) - U.S. Medical Glove Company (USMGC) — the only American manufacturer of the machines, components, and chemicals necessary to make nitrile and polyisoprene gloves in the United States — announced today the acquisition of a domestic polyisoprene chemical facility. The acquisition makes USMGC the only end-to-end, Made-in-America manufacturer of both nitrile and polyisoprene gloves.
        Alongside the acquisition, USMGC launched an independent division to oversee the production of raw nitrile and polyisoprene, crucial ingredients in both surgical and medical exam gloves. The new division is U.S. Medical Chemical Company (USMCC), which will exclusively supply USMGC with the raw materials required to manufacture a suite of personal protective equipment (PPE) to fulfill contracts across the U.S. government, including agencies such as the U.S. Army, FEMA, U.S. Customs and Border Protection, and USPS.
        "The PPE shortages prevalent through the pandemic proved how critical American control of the supply chain was in safeguarding American health and security," said Alex Todoroki of USMGC. "By adding this facility to our portfolio, USMGC has now secured the raw supplies, advanced machinery, and 30+ production lines to manufacture 2.5 billion nitrile and polyisoprene surgical gloves by the end of 2024. We are incredibly proud that our entire supply chain is 100% made in America."
        At the 100,000-square-foot, 22-acre chemical plant, USMCC manufactures 3.2M dry pounds of polyisoprene annually, which yields 60M polyisoprene surgical gloves. These sterile surgical gloves are highly sought after in operating rooms, surgery theaters, and other venues across the healthcare industry for their tactile sensitivity, puncture-resistance, and certified protection from over 24 chemotherapy drugs. Polyisoprene also has an almost identical chemical structure as latex, making these gloves a safe alternative to the allergens found in latex.
        In addition to the manufacturing of NBR/nitrile and polyisoprene, the new USMCC facility also houses chemists, engineers, and technicians who oversee advanced machine manufacturing that includes all components of dipping lines, stainless tanks, control panels, and stripping and layering machines. To maintain the high-quality standards the plant achieved for over 25 years, much of the facility's former team continue to hold key positions at USMCC. This includes roles in Quality Assurance, a team that rigorously tests and inspects surgical exam gloves, which undergo final sterilizations before being packed and shipped across America and to allies in strategic locations abroad.
        "The future is bright," said Frank Wardlaw, Technical Support Manager at USMCC. "Americans are waking up to realize that the reindustrialization of America is a matter of national security. We can no longer offshore the production of critical medical supplies like PPE to foreign powers who are oftentimes our adversaries."
        ABOUT U.S. MEDICAL CHEMICAL COMPANY: U.S. Medical Chemical Company (USMCC) is the only company that manufactures the key chemicals used in the production of medical gloves in the United States. In the production of NBR/nitrile and polyisoprene, USMCC is protecting Americans through advanced chemistry, engineering, and fabrication. USMCC is the first end-to-end manufacturer of both polyisoprene surgical exam and medical examination gloves, with capability at every stage of production—from raw materials to the manufacturing of the final product—making its entire supply chain 100% made in America. USMCC is a division of U.S. Medical Glove Company (USMGC). For more information, please visit: www.usmcc.us
        U.S. Medical Glove Company (USMGC) is the world's first end-to-end manufacturer of nitrile and polyisoprene surgical and exam gloves, headquartered in its 1.8 million-square-foot facility in Harvard, IL. USMGC oversees on American soil every stage of production—from raw materials, to machine manufacturing, to deploying AI technology in the development of its proprietary ERP, to the distribution of the final products. With funding and support from the Department of Defense, Department of Health and Human Services and the Administration for Strategic Preparedness & Response, USMGC is able to fulfill its mission to secure the supply of gloves and other personal protective equipment (PPE) for the United States and its allies. For more information, please visit: www.usmg.us 
!END

!STD
Santa Cruz Museum of Art & History Announces Exciting Fall Lineup and New Leadership Transition

        Wednesday - August 07: (RWE) - The Santa Cruz Museum of Art & History (MAH) is excited to present two major upcoming events: the CommonGround Festival from September 13-22, 2024, and "Young, Gifted and Black," an exhibition running from August 23 to December 29, 2024. During this period, Marla Novo will serve as Interim Executive Director, bringing 30 years of curatorial experience and a commitment to MAH's mission, while the museum searches for a permanent Executive Director with the help of community input.
        MAH organizes the return of the CommonGround Festival from September 13-22, 2024. This biennial event will feature outdoor artworks by artists like Jim and Brighton Denevan, Huy Truong, Susana Ruiz, and others. Art installations will transform Santa Cruz County's scenic spots, with highlights including a large sand drawing at Cowell Beach and video portraits projected on trees at Evergreen Cemetery. MAH invites everyone to explore themes of public memory and historical justice through these works.
        From August 23 to December 29, 2024, MAH will host "Young, Gifted and Black: The Lumpkin-Boccuzzi Family Collection of Contemporary Art." This exhibition features African descent artists like David Hammons, Kerry James Marshall, Mickalene Thomas, and Kara Walker, exploring identity, politics, and art history. Bernard Lumpkin, the collection's founder, emphasizes the exhibition's relevance in addressing contemporary discussions on race, equality, and inclusion.
        Marla Novo, with 30 years of curatorial experience and a deep commitment to MAH's mission, is now serving as the Interim Executive Director.
        A Santa Cruz resident since age two, Novo has dedicated her career to enhancing the local cultural scene. "I love this County and downtown Santa Cruz. For decades, I've walked to work, pondering the hidden stories MAH can reveal and the creative projects we can support. I look forward to continuing to work with my wonderful colleagues to advance MAH's vision as we search for a permanent Executive Director," she commented.
        MAH is actively searching for a long-term Executive Director, a process facilitated by Fortress and Flourish. The museum values community engagement and has incorporated feedback from over 200 survey responses to define the criteria for this important role. The search aims to find a leader who aligns with the community's vision and aspirations for MAH.
        Jorian Wilkins, Board Chair of MAH, stated, "We are committed to finding a visionary leader who will continue to advance our mission and values. The community's input has been invaluable in shaping the profile of our next Executive Director."
        Candice Elliott, Founder of Fortress and Flourish, added, "The recruitment process has been highly collaborative. We've worked closely with the MAH team and local patrons to ensure we find a leader who truly embodies the spirit and goals of the museum."
        The Santa Cruz Museum of Art & History is committed to fostering a vibrant cultural community. MAH invites everyone to join in celebrating art, history, and culture through their diverse array of events and exhibitions. For the latest updates, visit santacruzmah.org.
!END

!STD
Techtronic Industries Delivers Strong 2024 First Half Results

        Wednesday - August 07: (RWE) - Global leader in cordless Professional Tools, DIY Tools, and Outdoor Power Equipment, Techtronic Industries Co. Ltd. ("TTI" or the "Group") (stock code: 669, OTCQX: TTNDY, TTNDF) is pleased to announce the unaudited consolidated results of the Company and its subsidiaries for the six-month period ended June 30, 2024. TTI grew sales in the first half of 2024 to US$7.3 billion, up 6.3% in reported currency and 6.6% in local currency. MILWAUKEE delivered double-digit sales growth in local currency and RYOBI outperformed the market.
        Gross margin improved 67 bps to 39.9% in the first half of 2024. We finished the first half of 2024 with US$4,027 million of inventory, a reduction of US$71 million from year end 2023 and US$554 million compared to the first half of last year. We delivered US$626 million of EBIT in the first half, growing 11.8% over the comparable period in 2023. EBIT Margin as a percentage of sales was 8.6%, an increase of 42 bps from the first half of 2023. Net Profit increased 15.7% to US$550 million. Net Interest costs for the first half decreased 34.0% to US$32 million, reflecting our outstanding reduction in higher-cost debt and effective utilization of lower interest rate facilities. Earnings per share also increased 15.8% to US30.12 cents. Working capital as a percent of sales improved 409 bps to 18.7% as compared to June 2023. Gearing improved to 9.2% as we delivered US$508 million of positive Free Cash Flow in the first half of 2024, an improvement of US$207 million from the first half of 2023. We are well positioned to continue driving strong Free Cash Flow conversion in the years to come. 
        The TTI Power Equipment segment grew sales 7.1% in local currency to US$6.9 billion. MILWAUKEE business delivered another period of double-digit growth in the first half, finishing the period up 11.2% in local currency. Our Consumer group of businesses delivered solid first half 2024 results. Led by strong performance in Outdoor, RYOBI delivered mid-single digit sales growth compared with the first half of last year. Our consumer Floorcare and Cleaning business delivered profit improvement of US$9.1 million and revenue of US$428 million which was comparable to the revenue generated for the first half of last year.
        The Directors have resolved to declare an interim dividend of HK108.00 cents (approximately US13.90 cents) (2023: HK95.00 cents (approximately US12.23 cents)) per share for the six-month period ended June 30, 2024. The interim dividend will be paid to shareholders listed on the register of members of the Company on September 6, 2024. It is expected that the interim dividend will be paid on or about September 19, 2024.
        Mr. Horst Julius Pudwill, Chairman of TTI, said, "We delivered outstanding results in the first half of 2024, including generating strong Free Cash Flow and strengthening our balance sheet through disciplined working capital management. With the promotion of Steven Philip Richman to CEO and the deep talent pool supporting him, we are extremely well positioned to continue growing the overall market and extending our leadership position.  
        Mr. Steven Philip Richman, CEO of TTI, commented, "Our first half performance demonstrates our focus on extending our market leadership position within our MILWAUKEE and Consumer group of businesses, while delivering a strong financial performance. We remain laser focused on our strategy of investing in demonstrably better, technologically advanced new products and exceptional people to drive our growth."
        TTI is a world leader in cordless technology spanning Power Tools, Outdoor Power Equipment, Floorcare and Cleaning Products for the DIY, consumer, professional, and industrial users in the home, construction, maintenance, industrial and infrastructure industries. The Company has a foundation built on four strategic drivers – Powerful Brands, Innovative Products, Exceptional People and Operational Excellence - reflecting an expansive long-term vision to advance cordless technology. The global growth strategy of the relentless pursuit of product innovation has brought TTI to the forefront of its industries while maintaining high environmental, social and corporate governance standards. TTI's powerful brand portfolio includes MILWAUKEE, RYOBI and AEG power tools, accessories and hand tools, RYOBI outdoor products, EMPIRE layout and measuring products, and HOOVER, VAX, DIRT DEVIL and ORECK floorcare cleaning products and solutions.
        Founded in 1985 and listed on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited in 1990, TTI is one of the constituent stocks of the Hang Seng Index, Hang Seng Corporate Sustainability Benchmark Index, FTSE RAFI™ All-World 3000 Index, FTSE4Good Developed Index, and MSCI ACWI Index. The Company also trades on the OTCQX Best Market under the symbols "TTNDY" and "TTNDF". For more information, please visit www.ttigroup.com.
!END

!STD
Argent LNG has Initial Consultation Meeting with FERC, moves into Pre-Filing

        Wednesday - August 07: (RWE) - Argent LNG is pursuing approval from the FERC to begin the environmental pre-filing review for its mid-sized onshore LNG export project in Louisiana. This crucial step marks the beginning of an endeavor to enhance the LNG infrastructure in the region, addressing both international energy needs and the local community.
        On August 1, 2024, representatives of Argent LNG, led by Jonathan Bass, met with FERC staff to introduce the project and discuss approval to move into pre-filing. The meeting included key stakeholders from various organizations: Chett Chaisson, Executive Director of Port Fourchon; Vasant Saith (VP), Alden Evans (VP), and Priya Srinivasan (Manager of US Regulatory and Atmospherics) from Worley; and Tony Eaton (SVP) from Chart Industries. This gathering underscored the collaborative effort and multi-faceted expertise driving the project forward.
        "This step marks a significant milestone in Argent LNG's journey to providing LNG to countries seeking the reliability of baseload energy originating from the United States of America," said Jonathan Bass. "Argent is looking to build one of the most technologically advanced projects in the United States. Our goal is to set a new standard for efficiency, safety, environmental and ethical business stewardship in the LNG industry."
        Upon completion of the meeting, Argent LNG plans to apply to FERC later this year, seeking authorizations under Section 3 of the Natural Gas Act. Argent LNG anticipates receiving final FERC authorization in 2026, with a project launch slated for Q4 2029.
        The proposed project includes the construction of up to 12 LNG trains with a combined capacity of 25 MTPA. The facility will be situated in Port Fourchon, a strategic location that offers optimal access to Europe and Southeast Asia. This site selection reflects Argent LNG's commitment to leveraging existing infrastructure while minimizing environmental impact.
        As Argent LNG moves forward with its plans, the company remains steadfast in its mission to deliver a state-of-the-art LNG export facility that not only meets stringent standards but also contributes to the growing global demand for clean energy. The meeting with FERC and other stakeholders highlights the shared commitment to achieving these goals.
        About Argent LNG: Argent LNG is a forward-thinking company dedicated to providing sustainable and innovative liquefied natural gas solutions. Committed to environmental stewardship and excellence, Argent LNG aims to lead the industry in developing efficient and eco-friendly LNG infrastructure and services. Visit: www.argentlng.com
!END

!STD
ClearSign Technologies Appoints G. Todd Silva to Board of Directors

        Wednesday - August 07: (RWE) - ClearSign Technologies Corporation (Nasdaq: CLIR) ("ClearSign" or the "Company"), an emerging leader in industrial combustion and sensing technologies that improve energy, operational efficiency and safety while dramatically reducing emissions, announces that G. Todd Silva has been appointed to serve as a member of the Company's Board of Directors (the "Board"), effective as of August 1, 2024. Mr. Silva was nominated by clirSPV LLC to serve as its director designee.
        Mr. Silva brings over 30 years of leadership and finance experience in industries spanning from financial services, technology, health care and others. Mr. Silva has served as the Chief Financial Officer of Radiance Therapeutics, Inc., a development stage medical device company, since April 2023. Prior to this current role, Mr. Silva served as the Chief Financial Officer of Point Pickup Technologies, Inc., a logistics platform service where he worked to consummate and integrate acquisitions, raise capital through various private transactions and assist with corporate governance tasks for their board of directors. Additionally, Mr. Silva was the founder and director of Silva Partnership & Co., a firm providing corporate advisory services to early-stage technology businesses. Prior to Silva Partnership & Co., Mr. Silva was the executive director of corporate advisory services at Las Olas Capital Partners, a registered investment advisor firm where he advised a variety of companies on mergers and acquisitions, capital raises, recapitalizations and the launch of special purpose vehicles to invest in corporate and real estate transactions. Mr. Silva received an MBA from Columbia University focused in finance and accounting and a BS from Lehigh University in economics and finance.
        "On behalf of the Company and the Board, I want to welcome Todd to ClearSign," said Jim Deller, Ph.D., Chief Executive Officer of ClearSign. "Todd has a wealth of experience and I look forward to working with him as we continue to expand and develop ClearSign's business."
        ClearSign Technologies Corporation designs and develops products and technologies for the purpose of improving key performance characteristics of industrial and commercial systems, including operational performance, energy efficiency, emission reduction, safety and overall cost-effectiveness. Our patented technologies, embedded in established OEM products as ClearSign Core™ and ClearSign Eye™ and other sensing configurations, enhance the performance of combustion systems and fuel safety systems in a broad range of markets, including the energy (upstream oil production and down-stream refining), commercial/industrial boiler, chemical, petrochemical, transport and power industries. For more information, please visit www.clearsign.com.
!END

!STD
Century Lithium Produces Lithium Carbonate Onsite At Pilot Plant

        Wednesday - August 07: (RWE) - Century Lithium Corp. (TSXV: LCE) (OTCQX: CYDVF) (Frankfurt: C1Z) (Century Lithium or the Company) is pleased to report the successful addition of a lithium carbonate stage at the Company's Lithium Extraction Facility (Pilot Plant) in Amargosa Valley, Nevada, USA, part of the Company's 100%-owned Angel Island Mine (the Project). Prior to this addition, concentrated lithium solutions from the Pilot Plant were treated by Saltworks Inc. at their facility in Richmond B.C. where samples of battery quality lithium carbonate were produced. During the first days of startup of the lithium carbonate stage, Century's team at the Pilot Plant successfully treated 200 liters of concentrated lithium solution and produced 20 kg of high-grade lithium carbonate onsite.
        "At this point in time, the ability to make lithium carbonate at our Pilot Plant is an important step forward, in line with recommendations from our recently completed Feasibility Study" commented President and CEO Bill Willoughby. "The drop in lithium prices over the last year has taken a toll on the share price of all lithium companies. Despite the downturn, domestic production is still key to the security of supply in the U.S. While it is becoming well known that a vast amount of lithium is contained within the claystone deposits of Nevada, the benefit in unlocking these resources is the ability to produce a battery quality lithium product onsite and thereby reducing or eliminating the need for downstream processing."
        The Company continues work at the Pilot Plant, utilizing the Company's patent-pending process for chloride leaching combined with Direct Lithium Extraction (DLE) to generate data as the Company works to identify further technological breakthroughs to make the extraction of lithium from clay more economic. Adding the lithium carbonate stage at the Pilot Plant is one of the recommendations made in the Feasibility Study, not only to further demonstrate that battery quality lithium carbonate can be made, but to better understand and minimize the recycle streams from the DLE stage through to final product in the process. With the assistance of engineers from Hargrove Engineers and Constructors, Century's team configured equipment to run 40-liter batches of concentrated lithium solution though precipitation, washing and drying steps. Final assays on the lithium carbonate are pending.
        Todd Fayram, MMSA-QP and Senior Vice President, Metallurgy of Century Lithium is the qualified person as defined by National Instrument 43-101 and has approved the technical information in this release.
        Century Lithium Corp. is an advanced stage lithium company, focused on developing its 100%-owned Angel Island Mine in west-central Nevada, USA. Century Lithium recently completed a Feasibility Study on its Clayton Valley Lithium Project and is currently in the permitting stage, with the goal of becoming a domestic producer of lithium for the growing electric vehicle and battery storage market.
        ON BEHALF OF CENTURY LITHIUM CORP. WILLIAM WILLOUGHBY, PhD., PEPresident & Chief Executive Officer.
!END

!STD
NRTC Partners with Anterix to Provide Utility Cooperatives with Access to 900 Mhz Spectrum

        Wednesday - August 07: (RWE) - Anterix (NASDAQ: ATEX) announced today that it has been selected as a solutions provider by NRTC, which represents more than 1,500 rural electric and telephone utilities and affiliates in 48 states, collectively serving approximately 20 million homes and 48 million residents.
        Under the agreement, Anterix will make available its 900 MHz spectrum and its supporting platform of utility applications and solutions to NRTC's electric utility cooperative membership. The agreement will enable NRTC members to deploy private, more secure, and more resilient 900 MHz wireless networks that are scalable and can support the future growth of services required by electric cooperatives in managing our nation's evolving grid.
        "We look forward to working with electric cooperatives, through NRTC, as they modernize their grids in support of a clean energy future," said Alice Moy-Gonzalez, Senior Vice President of Strategic Development at Anterix. "Many cutting-edge utilities across the United States are actively deploying 900 MHz private LTE networks, and we believe NRTC's members will benefit from the economies of scale and scope provided by the 900 MHz private networks movement, as well as from the 100+ technology innovators that are members of the Anterix Active Ecosystem. In addition to highlighting the value of private LTE, this agreement has the potential to expand significantly our nationwide network of utility networks."
        The Anterix-NRTC agreement complements and supports separately announced collaborations among Southern Company subsidiary Southern Linc, Ericsson, and NRTC to provide mission-critical smart-grid network solutions designed to meet electric cooperatives' specific private network use case, geographic, and deployment requirements.
        "NRTC's agreement with Anterix, and our collaborations with Ericsson and Southern Linc, will help rural electric cooperatives modernize their grid infrastructure," said Joe Walsh, Vice President of Smart Grid Networking at NRTC. "Together we are forging a path toward unparalleled connectivity, resilience, and enhanced security, and we are helping to ensure that communities across the United States have access to the utility solutions they need to thrive."
        Natasha Vecchiarelli  Vice President, Investor Relations & Corporate Communications  Anterix 973-531-4397  [email protected] 
        At Anterix, we engage with leading utilities and technology companies to harness the power of 900 MHz broadband for modernized grid solutions. Leading an ecosystem of more than 100 members, we offer utility-first solutions to modernize the grid and solve the challenges that utilities are facing today. As the largest holder of licensed spectrum in the 900 MHz band (896-901/935-940 MHz) throughout the contiguous United States, plus Alaska, Hawaii, and Puerto Rico, we are uniquely positioned to enable private wireless broadband solutions that support cutting-edge advanced communications capabilities for a cleaner, safer, and more secure energy future. To learn more and join the 900 MHz movement, please visit www.anterix.com.
        Certain statements contained in this press release, other than historical information, constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. Words such as "believes," "anticipates," "estimates," "expects," "intends," "aims," "potential," "will," "would," "could," "considered," "likely," "estimate" and variations of these words and similar future or conditional expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements but are not the exclusive means of identifying such statements. Any such forward-looking statements are based on the current expectations of Anterix's management and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause Anterix's actual future results to differ materially from current expectations or those implied by the forward-looking statements. Risk factors that may affect Anterix's future results of operations are identified and described in Anterix's most recent filings on Forms 10-K and 10-Q and in other filings that it makes with the SEC from time to time. These documents are available on Anterix's website at www.anterix.com under the Investor Relations section and on the SEC's website at www.sec.gov. You should not rely upon forward-looking statements as predictions of future events. Anterix undertakes no obligation to update publicly or revise any forward-looking statements contained herein.
!END

!STD
ETQ Expands the Capabilities of ETQ Reliance QMS; Launches Inspection Management Application to Enable Faster, More Efficient Quality Inspections

        Wednesday - August 07: (RWE) - ETQ, part of Hexagon, today announced the latest release of its ETQ Reliance® NXG quality management system (QMS) software, featuring a new Inspection Management app, a breakthrough solution that automates and streamlines the quality inspection process. Discrete and process manufacturers who use hands-on inspections to meet quality standards and compliance requirements are now able to automate their processes, reduce paperwork and enable real-time visibility into quality operations – all within an integrated QMS.
        "The cost of poor quality continues to rise among today's manufacturers, not only causing severe financial impact from product recalls, defects and noncompliance, but also eroding the trust of customers and damaging industry reputation," said John Taylor, Chief Technology Officer, ETQ. "The launch of the Inspection Management app rounds out our ETQ Reliance offerings and brings a new level of automation, visibility and control to the quality inspections process and ensures that only quality products reach customers."
        Quality Inspections – Mitigating the Cost of Poor Quality, Ensuring Compliance at Scale
        Inspection Management will be offered as an option for new and existing customers of the ETQ Reliance NXG cloud-native QMS. It enables quality control teams to more easily and accurately check for product defects, ensuring conformity to specifications and adherence to quality criteria.
        Inspection Management helps identify issues sooner and resolve them faster by automating links to quality events, nonconformance reporting and corrective actions. It also provides a central repository for shop-floor data for analysis and continuous improvement throughout the manufacturing process. Leveraging Inspection Management, quality professionals and operations managers can eliminate paperwork, consistently and prescriptively conduct quality inspections and maintain revision control of inspection plans. Other key benefits include:
        ETQ, part of Hexagon, is a leading provider of integrated quality management, health, safety, and environmental solutions for manufacturers. Firms around the world rely on ETQ to ensure optimal quality at scale, reduce costs and improve the velocity of data-driven decisions. Learn more at etq.com.
        Hexagon is a global leader in digital reality solutions, combining sensor, software and autonomous technologies. Hexagon (Nasdaq Stockholm: HEXA B) has approximately 24,000 employees in 50 countries and net sales of approximately 5.2bn EUR. Learn more at hexagon.com and follow us @HexagonAB
!END

!STD
Oncor Reports Second Quarter 2024 Results

        Wednesday - August 07: (RWE) - Oncor Electric Delivery Company LLC ("Oncor") today reported three months ended June 30, 2024 net income of $251 million compared to three months ended June 30, 2023 net income of $200 million. The $51 million increase was driven by higher revenues primarily due to updated interim rates to reflect increases in invested capital, increases in transmission billing units, higher customer consumption primarily attributable to weather, the new base rates implemented in May 2023 and customer growth, partially offset by higher costs associated with increases in invested capital (primarily borrowing costs and depreciation) and higher operation and maintenance ("O&M") expense.
        "Over a 21-day period in the months of May and June, tornados touched down in the Temple/Killeen area, a storm with straight line winds measuring as high as 95 miles per hour passed through the DFW metroplex, and additional storms impacted our East Texas region. I want to thank the 12,000 Oncor employees, contractors and off-system personnel who worked around the clock, restoring service to our customers as soon as safely possible," Allen Nye, Oncor CEO said. "Oncor has also reached a settlement in principle with the parties to our system resiliency plan case. We hope to have the agreement documented and approved by the Public Utility Commission of Texas in the coming months. We believe the agreement will accomplish all of the benefits of our filed plan. We appreciate all of the parties' constructive engagement, especially the Public Utility Commission of Texas Staff."
        Oncor's reported net income of $476 million in the six months ended June 30, 2024 compared favorably to net income of $303 million in the six months ended June 30, 2023. The $173 million increase was driven by higher revenues primarily due to updated interim rates to reflect increases in invested capital, increases in transmission billing units, higher customer consumption primarily attributable to weather, the new base rates implemented in May 2023 and customer growth, and the write-off of rate base disallowances recorded in the first quarter of 2023, partially offset by higher costs associated with increases in invested capital (primarily borrowing costs and depreciation) and higher O&M expense. Financial and operational results are provided in Tables A, B, C, D and E below.
        In the three months ended June 30, 2024, Oncor increased its premise count by 20,000. The continued growth across Oncor's transmission and distribution footprint resulted in the construction or upgrading of approximately 175 circuit miles of transmission lines and included 25 load-serving substation projects and 18 major switching station projects all being placed into service in the second quarter of 2024. Oncor received 98 new transmission point of interconnection ("POI") requests in the three months ended June 30, 2024, an approximate seven percent increase over the same period in 2023. The majority of those new requests are from large commercial and industrial ("LC&I") customers. At June 30, 2024, Oncor had a total of 814 active generation and LC&I transmission POI requests in queue as compared to 720 at June 30, 2023, representing a 13% increase. Generation customers represented 473 of those POI requests in queue of which 46% are solar, 43% are storage, 7% are wind, 3% are gas and 1% are other. LC&I requests come from customers across a diverse group of industries, including many with electricity loads that represent the potential for hundreds of megawatts of new electric load, such as artificial intelligence and data centers. Of the 341 active LC&I transmission POI requests in Oncor's queue at June 30, 2024, approximately 25% of those projects represent large load customers that in the aggregate represent over 40 gigawatts of potential load.
        Oncor is committed to enhancing the resiliency and reliability of its system. In May 2024, Oncor filed a system resiliency plan ("SRP") with the Public Utility Commission of Texas ("PUCT") for approval that, if fully implemented, Oncor believes will help mitigate the impact and duration of severe weather outages. Oncor's SRP (PUCT Docket No. 56545) requests approval of approximately $2.9 billion in capital investment and $520 million in O&M expenses over a three-year period to enhance the resiliency of its transmission and distribution system. These capital investments would be incremental to Oncor's previously announced $24.2 billion five-year capital plan for the 2024-2028 period. The SRP proposes various measures to address certain resiliency events, including extreme weather, which Oncor believes will provide a substantial reduction in outage minutes for customers, while also expanding and accelerating Oncor's efforts around wildfire risk mitigation, physical security threats, cybersecurity threats, vegetation management and the expanded deployment of smart grid technologies. These investments, if approved, are expected to enable Oncor's transmission and distribution system to better withstand and more quickly recover from the wide range of extreme weather conditions and other risks Oncor experiences across its diverse service area.
        On August 5, 2024, Oncor filed a letter in the SRP proceeding noting that the parties have reached a settlement in principle and that the parties are working to finalize a written settlement agreement by August 16, 2024 for PUCT review and approval. A final order on Oncor's SRP application is expected from the PUCT by the end of the year.
        In late June, Oncor published its fifth annual Corporate Sustainability Overview, highlighting its sustainable business practices, including its efforts to enhance the resiliency and reliability of its system. The Corporate Sustainability Overview is available on Oncor's website at oncor.com under the Investor Relations section.
        As of August 5, 2024, Oncor's available liquidity, consisting of cash on hand and available borrowing capacity under its existing credit facilities, commercial paper program and accounts receivable facility ("AR Facility"), totaled $2.2 billion.
        Sempra (NYSE: SRE) (BMV: SRE) will broadcast a live discussion of its earnings results over the Internet today at 12 p.m. ET, which will include discussion of second quarter 2024 results and other information relating to Oncor. Oncor Chief Executive Allen Nye will participate in the broadcast. Access to the broadcast is available by logging onto the Investors section of Sempra's website, sempra.com/investors. Prior to the conference call, an accompanying slide presentation will be posted on sempra.com/investors. For those unable to participate in the live webcast, it will be available on replay a few hours after its conclusion at sempra.com/investors.
        Oncor's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended June 30, 2024 will be filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission after Sempra's conference call and once filed, will be available on Oncor's website, oncor.com.
!END

!STD
Prospect Ridge Commences Inaugural Drilling Program At The Copper Ridge Zone Of Its Knauss Creek Property

        Wednesday - August 07: (RWE) - Prospect Ridge Resources Corp. (the "Company" or "Prospect Ridge") (CSE: PRR) (OTC: PRRSF) (FRA: OED) is pleased to announce the commencement of an inaugural drilling program at the Copper Ridge zone within its flagship Knauss Creek property, located south of the Golden Triangle, near Terrace in British Columbia.
        The drill program will test high-priority targets inside the Copper Ridge zone which covers an area of 1,550 metres by 850 metres. Identified through extensive prospecting and surface sampling, which includes outcrop samples with values of up to 78.9 g/t Au, 4610g/t Ag and 29.4% copper, the Copper Ridge zone is a north-south oriented quartz veins system mineralized in gold, silver and copper hosted in an intrusion.
        "This inaugural drill program on the Copper Ridge zone marks a pivotal milestone for the Company, building on our extensive exploration efforts that have yielded exceptional high-grade samples," commented Michael Iverson, CEO of Prospect Ridge. "With more than $5 million in the treasury, we are well-financed to test this huge surface discovery and try to turn it into a deposit. This is an exciting time for the Prospect Ridge team and the shareholders. We look forward to sharing results from what we anticipate will be great drilling season!"
        Initial assay results should start arriving from the laboratory toward the end of the third quarter of 2024.
        Outcrop samples are selective by nature and grades may not be representative of mineralized zones. True thickness or mineralization style and geological models cannot be determined with the information currently available.
        All scientific or technical information included in this news release has been reviewed, verified and approved by Yan Ducharme, P.Geo., President of the Company and a qualified person as defined by National Instrument 43-101.
        Prospect Ridge Resources Corp. is a British Columbia based exploration and development company focused on gold exploration. Prospect Ridge's management and technical team cumulate over 100 years of mineral exploration experience and believes the Knauss Creek and the Holy Grail properties to have the potential to extend the boundaries of the Golden Triangle to cover this vast under-explored region.
        Neither the Canadian Securities Exchange nor its Regulation Services Provider (as that term is defined in the policies of the Canadian Securities Exchange) accepts responsibility for the adequacy or accuracy of this release.
        This release includes certain statements and information that may constitute forward-looking information within the meaning of applicable Canadian securities laws. Forward-looking statements relate to future events or future performance and reflect the expectations or beliefs of management of the Company regarding future events. Generally, forward-looking statements and information can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology such as "intends" or "anticipates", or variations of such words and phrases or statements that certain actions, events or results "may", "could", "should", "would" or "occur". This information and these statements, referred to herein as "forward-looking statements", are not historical facts, are made as of the date of this news release and include without limitation, statements regarding discussions of future plans, estimates and forecasts and statements as to management's expectations and intentions with respect to, among other things, positive exploration results at the Knauss Creek and Holy Grail projects and the Company's use of proceeds from the Private Placement. These forward-looking statements involve numerous risks and uncertainties and actual results might differ materially from results suggested in any forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include, among other things, that future exploration results at the Knauss Creek and Holy Grail projects will not be as anticipated and that the Company will use the proceeds from the Private Placement as anticipated.
!END

!STD
Cognex Launches AI-Powered Counting Tool for In-Sight SnAPP Vision Sensors

        Wednesday - August 07: (RWE) - Cognex Corporation (NASDAQ: CGNX), the leader in industrial machine vision, expanded the capabilities of its In-Sight SnAPP™ vision sensor with the launch of an AI-enabled counting tool. This innovative software tool transforms how manufacturers handle counting tasks, allowing them to easily automate assembly verification and quantity checks that were previously time-consuming or prone to error. This advanced AI technology also provides an ease of use that lets more manufacturers accurately count challenging part types including objects of similar size, reflective and distorted parts, and objects with varying contrasts and shapes.
        Powered by AI, the new tool reliably identifies and counts objects without complex programming.
        "Using cutting-edge AI technology and our easy-to-use vision sensors, we're now providing our customers with a counting solution that not only enhances accuracy and efficiency but also simplifies the user experience," said Lavanya Manohar, Senior Vice President of Products. "We're excited to see how this innovation will benefit manufacturers worldwide and continue making automation more accessible."
        Powered by AI, the new tool reliably identifies and counts objects to ensure consistent quality control, without complex programming. Image-based training, guided setup, and embedded AI allow operators of all skill levels to quickly and effectively solve counting tasks, eliminating the need for complex setups or extensive training.
        Suitable for a wide range of industries, the counting tool can be set up in minutes to perform a range of tasks.
        The In-Sight SnAPP vision sensor was first released in September 2023 and is designed to solve common quality control tasks including presence/absence detection, basic inspections, classification, and now counting applications. For more information about In-Sight SnAPP, visit cognex.com/in-sight-snapp or call 1-855-4-COGNEX.
        Cognex Corporation invents and commercializes technologies that address some of the most critical manufacturing and distribution challenges. We are a leading global provider of machine vision products and solutions that improve efficiency and quality in high-growth-potential businesses across attractive industrial end markets. Our solutions blend physical products and software to capture and analyze visual information, allowing for the automation of manufacturing and distribution tasks for customers worldwide. Machine vision products are used to automate the manufacturing or distribution and tracking of discrete items, such as mobile phones, electric vehicle batteries and e-commerce packages, by locating, identifying, inspecting, and measuring them. Machine vision is important for applications in which human vision is inadequate to meet requirements for size, accuracy, or speed, or in instances where substantial cost savings or quality improvements are maintained.
        Cognex is the world's leader in the machine vision industry, having shipped more than 4.5 million image-based products, representing over $11 billion in cumulative revenue, since the company's founding in 1981. Headquartered in Natick, Massachusetts, USA, Cognex has offices and distributors located throughout the Americas, Europe, and Asia. For details, visit cognex.com.
!END

!STD
Southwest Gas Holdings, Inc. Reports Second Quarter 2024 Financial Results; Raises Utility Net Income Guidance

        Wednesday - August 07: (RWE) - Southwest Gas Holdings, Inc. (NYSE: SWX) ("Southwest Gas" or "Company") today reported second quarter 2024 consolidated net income of $18.3 million, or $0.25 per diluted share, and adjusted consolidated net income of $22.5 million, or $0.31 per diluted share. These results compared to consolidated net income of $28.9 million, or $0.40 per diluted share, and adjusted consolidated earnings of $38.8 million, or $0.54 per diluted share for the second quarter of 2023. The utility, Southwest Gas Corporation ("Southwest"), reported second quarter 2024 net income of $27.6 million, compared with net income of $19.1 million in the second quarter of 2023; an increase of $8.5 million, or 44.5 percent.
        "We are especially pleased with our performance at the utility over the first six months of 2024, and we remain on track to exceed the full year 2024 utility net income guidance we previously set, and as such we have raised our outlook by $5 million to be in the range of $233 to $243 million," said Karen Haller, Chief Executive Officer at Southwest Gas. "We accomplished this by delivering on our regulatory priorities and our utility optimization efforts. Following the completion of our general rate case in Nevada, we are seeing the positive impact associated with the recovery of our investments to enhance safety and reliability and meet the needs of our growing customer base. We continue to optimize utility performance through a disciplined business management approach, which is demonstrated by the less than 2 percent increase in O&M over the first six months of the prior year. After fully collecting the previously deferred purchased gas costs from the winter of 2022-2023, the Company finished June with nearly $600 million of cash, and we continue to expect very limited capital markets needs through the end of 2026," continued Haller.
        "At Centuri Holdings, Inc. ("Centuri"), we completed a successful initial public offering ("IPO") early in the second quarter, which resulted in the payoff of $316 million of Centuri's debt. We remain committed to effectuating a complete separation of Centuri and continue to monitor market conditions."
        (1) Beginning with first quarter 2024, we adapted our calculation of adjusted net income by adding an adjustment for the amortization of certain intangible assets at our utility infrastructure services segment. Such adjustments are common in the infrastructure services industry. For comparative purposes, we have also recast adjusted net income for the three and six months ended June 30, 2023 to align with this approach. See "Non-GAAP Measures" below for more information and reconciliations of our non-GAAP financial measures.
        Key Operational and Financial Highlights for Southwest / Natural Gas Distribution Segment Include:
        Key Operational and Financial Highlights for Centuri / Utility Infrastructure Services Segment Include:
        The natural gas distribution segment recorded net income of $27.6 million in the second quarter of 2024, compared to net income of $19.1 million in the second quarter of 2023. This was primarily driven by an increase in operating margin and lower depreciation and amortization, partially offset by higher operations and maintenance expense and lower other income.
        Key drivers of second quarter 2024 performance as compared to second quarter 2023 include:
        The natural gas distribution segment recorded net income of $163.4 million for the six months ended 2024, compared to net income of $153.8 million for the six months ended 2023. This was primarily driven by an increase in operating margin and lower depreciation and amortization expense, partially offset by higher operations and maintenance expense and lower other income.
!END

!STD
Ramaco Announces Project Update and New Third-Party Groups Assisting in Development of Rare Earth Elements Deposit at Brook Mine

        Wednesday - August 07: (RWE) - Ramaco Resources, Inc. (NASDAQ: METC, METCB, "Ramaco" or the "Company") today released additional information regarding the Brook Mine project in Wyoming, as well as third-party groups advancing the development of rare earth and critical mineral deposits at the site. This includes two new companies — Fluor Corporation and Hazen Research, Inc. — who bring their industry-leading expertise to the project.
        "We are excited to have assembled a world-class team of experienced parties in the rare earth and critical mineral fields. Working with our internal critical minerals group, they will help guide and execute on Ramaco's plans to develop what we feel will be one of our nation's largest and soon first new rare earth project of its type in the United States," said Randall Atkins, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer.
        "We are now moving with dispatch to complete chemical, mineralogical and metallurgical testing of the deposit while simultaneously doing further exploration. This will inform our overall techno-economic analysis, which we expect to complete with Fluor later this year. We anticipate also releasing additional testing results on our exploration and chemical analysis from Weir International later this Fall. Lastly, we are moving to complete the planning, design and development steps to initiate construction on a rare earth demonstration processing facility contiguous to the mine site by the middle of next year."
        Ramaco Resources, Inc. is an operator and developer of high-quality, low-cost metallurgical coal in southern West Virginia, and southwestern Virginia. Its executive offices are in Lexington, Kentucky, with operational offices in Charleston, West Virginia and Sheridan, Wyoming. The Company currently has four active metallurgical coal mining complexes in Central Appalachia and one development rare earth and coal mine near Sheridan, Wyoming in the initial stages of production. In 2023, the Company announced that a major rare earth deposit of primary magnetic rare earths was discovered at its mine near Sheridan, Wyoming. Contiguous to the Wyoming mine, the Company operates a carbon research and pilot facility related to the production of advanced carbon products and materials from coal. In connection with these activities, it holds a body of roughly 60 intellectual property patents, pending applications, exclusive licensing agreements and various trademarks. News and additional information about Ramaco Resources, including filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, are available at https://www.ramacoresources.com. For more information, contact investor relations at (859) 244-7455.
!END

!STD
El Domo - Curipamba Project Fully Permitted to Start Construction

        Wednesday - August 07: (RWE) - Silvercorp Metals Inc. ("Silvercorp" or the "Company") (TSX: SVM) (NYSE American: SVM) and Salazar Resources Limited ("Salazar") (TSXV: SRL) (OTCQB: SRLZF) are pleased to announce that the Ministry of Energy and Mines of the Government of Ecuador ("MEM") has issued a Resolution of Change of Phase for the El Domo-Curipamba Project (the "Project").
        The Resolution of Change of Phase advances the legal status of the Project from the Economic Evaluation Phase to the Exploitation Phase and allows for the start of construction and subsequent operation of the mine. The Change of Phase for a medium-scale project, such as El Domo – Curipamba, is equivalent to the Exploitation Agreement for large-scale mines in Ecuador such as Fruta del Norte and Mirador.
        Dr. Rui Feng, Chairman and CEO of the Company, commented: "The Resolution of Change of Phase is the final major approval required for full stage construction to start for the El Domo-Curipamba Project. With the achievement of this important milestone, we reaffirm our commitment to modern, responsible development that will benefit the communities where we operate and the Country of Ecuador as a whole."
        Fredy E. Salazar, President and CEO of Salazar, commented: "First, I want to thank the team for achieving this milestone, which reflects their continued dedication over the past years. We look forward to El Domo becoming the next major industrial mine in Ecuador."
        Silvercorp is a Canadian mining company producing silver, gold, lead, and zinc with a long history of profitability and growth potential. The Company's strategy is to create shareholder value by 1) focusing on generating free cashflow from long-life mines; 2) organic growth through extensive drilling for discovery; 3) ongoing merger and acquisition efforts to unlock value; and 4) a long-term commitment to responsible mining and ESG. For more information, please visit our website at www.silvercorpmetals.com.
        Salazar Resources Limited is focused on creating value and positive change through discovery, exploration, and development in Ecuador. The team has an unrivalled understanding of the geology in-country and has played an integral role in the discovery of many of the major projects in Ecuador, including the two newest operating gold and copper mines. Salazar Resources has a wholly owned pipeline of copper-gold exploration projects across Ecuador with a strategy to make another commercial discovery and farm-out non-core assets. The Company actively engages with Ecuadorian communities and together with the Salazar family it co-founded The Salazar Foundation, an independent non-profit organization dedicated to sustainable progress through economic development. The Company already has carried interests in three projects. At its maiden discovery, Curipamba, Salazar Resources has a 25% stake fully carried through to production. At two copper-gold porphyry projects, Pijili and Santiago, the Company has a 20% stake fully carried through to a construction decision.
!END

!STD
Palmdale to Acquire Maassen Oil Company

        Wednesday - August 07: (RWE) - Palmdale Oil ("Palmdale"), a leading provider of fuels, propane, lubricants, and chemicals with delivery solutions across the state of Florida, today announced it has acquired Maassen Oil Company, Inc. ("Maassen"), a Florida-based distributor of refined fuel, lubricants, and propane. Financial terms of the transaction were not disclosed.
        Founded in 1931 and based in Arcadia, Florida, Maassen supplies a diverse product offering, including propane, dyed off-road diesel and clear on-road diesel, gasoline, and lube oils to a broad base of commercial and residential customers across the region.
        This transaction enables Palmdale to strategically expand its capabilities and bulk plant footprint across Florida.
        "Like Palmdale, Maassen is a family-owned business that prioritizes personalized customer service. This partnership will enhance our transportation efficiency, and allow us to maintain our exceptional service standards, while reaching more customers within the Tampa and Fort Myers regions," said Lachlan Cheatham, Chief Executive Officer of Palmdale.
        "Palmdale shares our values and commitment to exceptional service and respects the strength of our connection to the markets and communities in which we operate," said David Maassen, Co-Owner of Maassen. "As part of the Palmdale family, customers will continue to receive the high-quality refined fuel, lubricants and propane products customers rely on, while benefitting from Palmdale's expanded distribution network and capabilities and operational expertise – including across the agriculture and industrial markets."
        About Palmdale Oil: Palmdale is a leading statewide provider of fuels, lubricants, and chemicals with delivery and management solutions. Headquartered in Palm Beach Gardens, Florida, Palmdale is a family-owned business operating in more than 50 counties across Florida.
        About Maassen Oil Company, Inc.: Maassen Oil Co., Inc. operates as a petroleum products wholesaler company. The Company distributes lubricants, commercial and residential propane, as well as provides lubricant reclamation and filtration services to a broad base of commercial and residential customers throughout the state of Florida.
!END

!STD
Ericsson, NRTC, Southern Linc and Anterix ink landmark agreements to deliver connectivity for rural electric cooperatives across the U.S.

        Wednesday - August 07: (RWE) - Ericsson (NASDAQ: ERIC) today announced a landmark collaboration with NRTC, Southern Linc, and Anterix (NASDAQ: ATEX) to deliver cutting-edge private network solutions to electric cooperatives (co-ops) of all sizes and service terrains across the United States. This strategic partnership aims to provide reliable, resilient, and secure network infrastructure, empowering co-ops to meet the challenges of modernizing the grid infrastructure and ensuring uninterrupted service delivery to communities nationwide.
        "Our collaboration with NRTC, Anterix, and Southern Linc underscores Ericsson's dedication to advancing secure and resilient communications infrastructure for co-ops across North America," said Eric Boudriau, Vice President and Head of Customer Unit Regional Customers, Ericsson North America. "We are proud to contribute our solutions to this initiative, ensuring that NRTC members have access to state-of-the-art technology that meets their evolving needs and maximizes their resources."
        NRTC will augment its existing fiber design and construction capabilities with Ericsson's expertise in cellular and microwave communications technologies, Southern Linc's core hosting solutions, and Anterix's 900 MHz spectrum as well as their 115+ member Active Ecosystem, to provide mission-critical smart-grid network solutions designed to meet members' specific use case, geographic, and deployment requirements. The partnership will also allow NRTC members to construct, own, secure, and physically maintain LTE/5G-ready sites as needed to provide wireless coverage and capacity for legacy system retirement and grid modernization objectives.
        "We are thrilled to partner with Ericsson, Southern Linc, and Anterix," said Joe Walsh, Vice President of Smart Grid Networking at NRTC. "This collaboration closes a critical gap that rural electric cooperatives will face as they modernize their grid infrastructure. Together, we're forging a path towards unparalleled connectivity, resilience, and security, ensuring that communities across the U.S. have access to the cutting-edge solutions they need to thrive."
        Southern Linc's core hosting solution brings Ericsson's dual-mode 5G Core solution, built on Ericsson's Cloud Native Infrastructure, to NRTC member cooperatives and will provide the core connectivity for the private Radio Access Network. Combined with Ericsson Router 6000 and MINI-LINK 6000 offerings, this will provide a comprehensive framework for utilities to enhance their network capabilities while maintaining the highest standards of security and reliability. This partnership represents a significant step forward in bolstering the resilience of critical infrastructure and addressing the challenges posed by inclement weather, cybersecurity threats, and aging infrastructure.
        "Our mission is to empower electric cooperatives to build a robust and future-proof network infrastructure that can withstand the demands of the modern world," said Southern Linc Engineering Director Alan McIntyre. "By collaborating with Ericsson and NRTC, we are ensuring that utilities of all sizes have access to the latest private network solutions, enabling them to deliver highly reliable service to their communities."
        "Our agreement with NRTC, and its collaboration with Ericsson and Southern Linc, will provide NRTC's utility cooperatives with the ability to directly access our 900 MHz spectrum, our 900 MHz platform and solutions, and the Anterix Active Ecosystem members and their offerings," said Alice Moy-Gonzalez, Senior Vice President of Strategic Development at Anterix. "I believe that this collaboration, when combined with our current seven utility customers deploying in fifteen states, will deliver significant scale and scope benefits to our nation's electric cooperatives as they develop and deploy private LTE networks."
        Through this collaboration, Ericsson, NRTC, Southern Linc, and Anterix are poised to revolutionize the landscape of co-op communications, setting new standards for reliability, resilience, and security in the digital age, working toward the well-being of communities, and the creation and support of local jobs and communities.
        ABOUT ANTERIX: At Anterix, we engage with leading utilities and technology companies to harness the power of 900 MHz broadband for modernized grid solutions. Leading an ecosystem of more than 100 members, we offer utility-first solutions to modernize the grid and solve the challenges that utilities are facing today. As the largest holder of licensed spectrum in the 900 MHz band (896-901/935-940 MHz) throughout the contiguous United States, plus Alaska, Hawaii, and Puerto Rico, we are uniquely positioned to enable private wireless broadband solutions that support cutting-edge advanced communications capabilities for a cleaner, safer, and more secure energy future. To learn more and join the 900 MHz movement, please visit www.anterix.com.
        ABOUT ERICSSON: Ericsson enables communications service providers and enterprises to capture the full value of connectivity. The company's portfolio spans the following business areas: Networks, Cloud Software and Services, Enterprise Wireless Solutions, Global Communications Platform, and Technologies and New Businesses. It is designed to help our customers go digital, increase efficiency and find new revenue streams. Ericsson's innovation investments have delivered the benefits of mobility and mobile broadband to billions of people globally. Ericsson stock is listed on Nasdaq Stockholm and on Nasdaq New York. www.ericsson.com
!END

!STD
Sempra Reports Second-Quarter 2024 Earnings Results

        Wednesday - August 07: (RWE) - Sempra (NYSE: SRE) (BMV: SRE) today reported second-quarter 2024 earnings, prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP), of $713 million, or $1.12 per diluted share, compared to second-quarter 2023 GAAP earnings of $603 million, or $0.95 per diluted share. On an adjusted basis, the company's second-quarter 2024 earnings were $567 million, or $0.89 per diluted share, compared to $594 million, or $0.94 per diluted share in second-quarter 2023.
        "At Sempra, we are pleased with the strength of our financial performance through the first half of the year," said Jeffrey W. Martin, chairman and CEO of Sempra. "Our company is well-positioned for continued growth across each of our business platforms, which are benefitting from ongoing electrification, economic development, and demand for safe, reliable and cleaner energy."
        Sempra's GAAP earnings for the first six months of 2024 were $1.514 billion, or $2.38 per diluted share, compared with GAAP earnings of $1.572 billion, or $2.49 per diluted share, in the first six months of 2023. Adjusted earnings for the first six months of 2024 were $1.421 billion, or $2.24 per diluted share, compared to $1.516 billion, or $2.40 per diluted share, in the first six months of 2023.
        The reported financial results reflect certain significant items as described on an after-tax basis in the following table of GAAP earnings, reconciled to adjusted earnings, for the second quarter and first six months of 2024 and 2023.
        Equity losses from write-off of rate base disallowances resulting from Public Utility      Commission of Texas' final order in Oncor Electric Delivery Company LLC's      comprehensive base rate review
        Net unrealized losses on contingent interest rate swap related to initial phase of the Port      Arthur LNG liquefaction project
        Sempra CaliforniaThe focus at the company's California utilities remains on connecting people to safe, reliable and cleaner energy through the expansion and modernization of energy networks.
        The California Public Utilities Commission continues to review the rate requests of Sempra California's utilities, which focus on delivering cleaner energy, safely and reliably, in alignment with California's public policy goals. The final decision is expected before year-end 2024 with rates retroactively effective to Jan. 1 of this year.
        In July, San Diego Gas & Electric Co. (SDGE) completed a new Wildfire and Climate Resilience Center, a state-of-the-art facility dedicated to enhancing the company's capabilities in wildfire and climate resilience. The center is one of the most technologically advanced of its kind in the industry and underscores SDGE's position as a leader in climate adaptation and resiliency.
        Under California's renewable gas procurement standard, known as Senate Bill 1440, the Southern California Gas Co. (SoCalGas) has filed for approval of three renewable natural gas contracts, pending commission review. In July, California celebrated a milestone in its journey to advance a hydrogen economy with the Department of Energy's Office of Clean Energy Demonstrations awarding its first tranche of hydrogen hub funding to the Alliance of Renewable Clean Hydrogen Energy Systems (ARCHES). The plan for the ARCHES hub includes new SoCalGas infrastructure as part of a network of clean, renewable hydrogen production and distribution with the ultimate goal of helping decarbonize hard-to electrify industries like heavy duty trucking, public transportation and port operations.
!END

!STD
Flotilla Partners Announces Acquisition of Water Treatment Technologies of Florida

        Wednesday - August 07: (RWE) - Flotilla Partners, an Osceola Capital portfolio company, is pleased to announce the successful acquisition of Water Treatment Technologies of Florida ("WTT"), a move that significantly strengthens Flotilla's market position and customer base. Founded in 2004 and headquartered near Orlando, FL, WTT is a leading provider of water treatment services for residential and commercial customers in Central Florida. The acquisition marks Flotilla's 8th acquisition since the platform's launch in January of 2023.
        The acquisition of WTT bolsters Flotilla's presence in several high growth Florida markets including Orlando, Tampa, and Jacksonville. WTT also further enhances Flotilla's reputation as the leading water treatment services business in the state of Florida. Visit www.wttfl.com.
        Walter Conner, CEO of Flotilla, said, "We are thrilled to have WTT's talented team join Flotilla, recognizing their deep industry expertise, robust salesforce, successful track record, and shared vision to provide customers with world-class water treatment services. Combining Flotilla and WTT unlocks substantial growth and synergy potential, while also fortifying Flotilla's position in the market."
        Patrick Watkins, Partner at Osceola Capital, said, "The acquisition of WTT aligns with Flotilla's growth strategy to become the leading provider of water treatment services in Florida and the broader Southeast through the acquisition of exceptional businesses that complement our existing geographic footprint and service offering. WTT expands Flotilla's reach into new service areas while increasing our presence and density in existing markets."
        About Flotilla Partners: Flotilla Partners provides maintenance, repair, testing and installation of water treatment systems to residential and commercial customers across Florida and the broader Southeast. The Company specializes in water filtration, water softening, well water pump and filtration, and water heating systems. Please visit www.flotillapartners.com for additional information.
        About Osceola Capital: Osceola Capital is a Tampa-based private equity firm that invests in lower middle-market services companies, typically with EBITDA up to $10 million. Osceola has extensive experience partnering with management teams to execute buy-and-build strategies and drive long-term value creation. Visit www.osceola.com to learn more.For additional information about Flotilla, please contact Patrick Watkins at Osceola Capital or Walter Conner at Flotilla Partners.
!END

!STD
Horizon Petroleum Provides A Further Update On The Transformation Applications For Its Two 100% Owned Concessions In Poland

        Wednesday - August 07: (RWE) - Horizon Petroleum Ltd. (the "Company" or "Horizon") (TSXV: HPL) is pleased to report that further notifications have been received from the Polish Ministry of Climate and Environment (" the Ministry") concerning the Transformation Process Applications for two concession licence areas: Bielsko-Biala and Cieszyn (the Concessions) located in southwest Poland. As noted in its May 14, 2024 press release, the applications have been made through the Company's two wholly owned subsidiary companies in Poland.
        The Company has been advised by the Ministry that they have received clearance from the relevant Government Agencies to grant the two Concessions to the Company's subsidiary in Poland. Given the timeline provided by the Ministry the Company expects the formal grant and signing of the Concession by end August or early September.
        Once the licences are formally awarded and the agreements signed, the Company plans to immediately apply for re-instatement as a Tier 2 issuer on the TSX-Venture Stock Exchange.
        Dr. David Winter CEO of Horizon commented, " We are pleased that with the signing of the Concessions, Horizon will be able to start work towards its goal of initial production and cash flow from the Lachowice gas discovery in the Bielsko-Biala Concession in 2025. The signing of the concession agreements will also allow the Company to book approximately 33 Bcfe of Net Probable reserves with a Net Present Value ("NPV") (discounted at 10%) of approximately CAD $ 100 million. The Company will also recognise 156 Bcfe of Risked 2C contingent resources of natural gas with a NPV (discounted at 10%) of approximately CAD$ 530 million."
        Calgary-based Horizon is focused on the appraisal and development of natural gas reserves and clean energy sources to increase energy independence and security in Europe. The Management and Board of Horizon consist of oil & gas, business and finance professionals with significant international experience.
        Neither TSX Venture Exchange nor its Regulation Services Provider (as that term is defined in the policies of the TSX Venture Exchange) accepts responsibility for the adequacy or accuracy of this release.
        This press release contains "forward-looking statements" or "forward-looking information" (collectively referred to herein as "forward-looking statements") within the meaning of applicable securities legislation. Such forward-looking statements include, without limitation, forecasts, estimates, expectations and objectives for future operations that are subject to a number of assumptions, risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond the control of Horizon. Forward-looking statements are statements that are not historical facts and are generally, but not always, identified by the words "expects", "plans", "anticipates", "believes", "intends", "estimates", "projects", "potential" and similar expressions, or that events or conditions "will", "would", "may", "could" or "should" occur or be achieved. This press release contains forward-looking statements pertaining to, among other things entering into the Concessions and completion of the transformation process and the furtherance of Horizon's European acquisition and development strategy. There is no assurance the Concession will be granted or the transformation process will be completed.
        Forward-looking information is based on current expectations, estimates and projections that involve a number of risks, which could cause actual results to vary and in some instances to differ materially from those anticipated by Horizon and described in the forward-looking information contained in this press release. 
        Although Horizon believes that the material factors, expectations and assumptions expressed in such forward-looking statements are reasonable based on information available to it on the date such statements were made, no assurances can be given as to future results, levels of activity and achievements and such statements are not guarantees of future performance.
!END

!STD
Hyzon Announces Date For Second Quarter 2024 Financial Results And Conference Call

        Wednesday - August 07: (RWE) - Hyzon (NASDAQ: HYZN), a U.S.-based manufacturer and global supplier of high-performance hydrogen fuel cell systems focused on providing zero-emission power to decarbonize the most demanding industries, today announced that Management will host a conference call to discuss its second quarter 2024 earnings results at 8:30 a.m., ET, on Tuesday, August 13, 2024.
        Participants can join the call at 1-888-800-7840 or international callers can use 1-646-307-1856 and enter the access code 5240234. To listen to the live audio webcast and Q&A, visit the Hyzon investor relations website at https://investors.hyzonfuelcell.com/
        A replay and transcript of the webcast will be available on the website within 24 hours after the call. The earnings press release and related materials will also be available on Hyzon's investor relations website.
        Hyzon is a global supplier of high-performance hydrogen fuel cell technology focused on providing zero-emission power to decarbonize demanding industries. With agile, high-power technology designed for heavy-duty applications, Hyzon is at the center of a new industrial revolution fueled by hydrogen, an abundant and clean energy source. Hyzon is focusing on deploying its fuel cell technology in heavy-duty commercial vehicles in Class 8 and refuse vehicles across North America. To learn more about how Hyzon partners across the hydrogen value chain to accelerate the clean energy transition, visit www.hyzonfuelcell.com. 
!END

!STD
ATI Announces Second Quarter 2024 Results

        Wednesday - August 07: (RWE) - ATI Inc. (NYSE: ATI) reported second quarter 2024 results, with sales of $1.10 billion and net income attributable to ATI of $81.9 million, or $0.58 per share.   
        * Detailed reconciliations of the reported information under accounting principles generally accepted in the United States (U.S. GAAP) 
        Adjusted earnings per share* for Q2 2024 was $0.60, and ATI adjusted EBITDA* was $182.6 million, or 16.7% of sales.  Q2 2024 adjusted results exclude pre-tax charges of $5.4 million consisting of $5.5 million of inventory write-downs related to our ongoing European restructuring and $1.8 million of start-up related costs. These pre-tax charges were partially offset by credits of $1.9 million due to lower severance reserves primarily for our ongoing European restructuring.  Q1 2024 adjusted results exclude pre-tax charges of $3.1 million, primarily consisting of start-up related costs. Q2 2023 adjusted results exclude pre-tax charges of $4.5 million for start-up related costs, $2.8 million primarily for asset write-offs for a facility closure, $2.7 million of severance-related restructuring charges, and $0.6 million related to the loss on the sale of our Northbrook, IL operation.
        "ATI's strong 2024 performance continued in the second quarter," said Kimberly A. Fields, President and CEO. "Growth in aerospace & defense accelerated in the second quarter, with sales increasing sequentially by 11%. This is due in part to the diversification in our jet engine and airframe customer bases. ATI is on every major commercial platform flying today," she said.  
        "With a strong focus on execution, we delivered on second quarter expectations for adjusted EBITDA and adjusted earnings per share," said Fields. "Our efforts to improve working capital intensity yielded significant improvements in year-over-year operating cash flow performance," she said. "Overall, consolidated adjusted EBITDA, as a percentage of sales, was up 100 basis points over the prior year, reflecting improving operational performance and leverage from higher production volumes."
        "Our execution and ability to capitalize on market opportunities allows us to drive increased margins and generate strong operating cash flow," said Fields. "ATI's capabilities, long-term agreements and backlog positions us to reaffirm our full year outlook. Our clear strategy of leading in aerospace & defense and 'aero-like' markets puts us on track us to meet our 2024 guidance. We continue to be confident in our ability to deliver our 2025 and 2027 financial targets. Our recently announced new sales commitments of $4 billion from the Farnborough International Airshow, which are predominantly for nickel alloys, include $550 million of revenue for 2027. This further demonstrates that we remain on track to exceed both $5 billion in revenue and $1 billion in adjusted EBITDA by 2027."
        ATI will conduct a conference call with investors and analysts on Tuesday, August 6, 2024, at 8:30 a.m. ET to discuss the financial results. The conference call will be broadcast, and accompanying presentation slides will be available, at ATImaterials.com. To access the broadcast, click on "Conference Call." Replay of the conference call will be available on the ATI website.
        ATI (NYSE: ATI) is a global producer of high performance materials and solutions for the global aerospace & defense markets, and critical applications in electronics, medical and specialty energy. We're solving the world's most difficult challenges through materials science. We partner with our customers to deliver extraordinary materials that enable their greatest achievements: their products fly higher and faster, burn hotter, dive deeper, stand stronger and last longer. Our proprietary process technologies, unique customer partnerships and commitment to innovation deliver materials and solutions for today and the evermore challenging environments of tomorrow.  We are proven to perform anywhere.  Learn more at ATImaterials.com.
!END

!STD
Pando Electric Delivers "100% EV Charging Coverage At 70% Less Cost" To Large Multi-family Complex

        Wednesday - August 07: (RWE) - Pando Electric, an innovator in electric vehicle (EV) charging, is selected to install a comprehensive solution for the entire Woodland Creek Homeowners Association (HOA). Pando Electric's integrated solution – combining hardware, software and service into a seamless ecosystem – will deliver smart and reliable charging to every property owner at the East Palo Alto, CA complex. 
        "With our focus on cost-savings, energy efficiency and user experience, Pando Electric is uniquely suited to meet the EV charging needs of multi-family properties, including condominium and apartment buildings," states Aaron Li, CEO and Founder of Pando Electric. "With our Woodland Creek HOA partnership, Pando Electric is delivering 100% EV charging coverage at 70% less cost: under $500 per station fully installed for every resident." 
        Li notes demand for EV charging is growing rapidly among multifamily building residents: 70% consider it a highly desirable amenity (AutoPacific, December 2023). Yet property owners face significant challenges in implementing charging solutions due to limitations in existing electric panel capacity and the high costs traditionally associated with installation. 
        Pando Electric provides a powerful alternative: a universal, socket-based solution that streamlines set-up and utilizes existing 240-volt power. While installation costs are greatly reduced, EV owners experience high-speed Level-2 charging. In the case of the Woodland Creek HOA, these efficiencies led to the addition of more chargers. 
        "After meticulous research and competitive bidding, Pando Electric was our clear choice for installing EV chargers," says Tom Herbst, a Woodland Creek HOA owner and head of their EV charging committee. "With their pricing, we were able to expand our scope from a few shared charging units to full building coverage."
        The Woodland Creek installation is being implemented in collaboration with Peninsula Clean Energy (PCE). The project covers three buildings and 90 condominium units, completed in three phases to best accommodate residents and leverage PCE incentives. Upon completion, Pando Electric will continue 24/7 support to both building managers and residents. 
        Additional benefits of Pando Electric: drivers connect using their own charging cable eliminating common "broken cord" issues; AI-enabled adaptive load management ensures optimal power efficiency; and convenient online and mobile tools provide turnkey administration for building managers and drivers alike.
        About Pando Electric: Pando Electric is leading the way to a cleaner future with affordable, smart and efficient solutions compatible with all-electric vehicles. Purpose-built to serve multi-family properties and commercial spaces, the company delivers a turnkey ecosystem integrating hardware, software and service, to create a new standard in EV charging. Founded in 2023 and based in San Jose, CA, Pando Electric is recognized for its simple installation; near-zero maintenance; turnkey administrative tools; and AI-enabled energy efficiency. Find out more at www.pandoelectric.com. 
!END

!STD
Duke Energy reports second-quarter 2024 financial results

        Wednesday - August 07: (RWE) - Duke Energy (NYSE: DUK) has posted its second-quarter 2024 financial results in a news release available on the company's website at the following link: duke-energy.com/investors.
        Lynn Good, chair and chief executive officer, Harry Sideris, president, and Brian Savoy, executive vice president and chief financial officer, will discuss the company's financial results and other business and financial updates during an investor presentation at 10 a.m. ET today.
        The call can be accessed via the investors' section (duke-energy.com/investors) of Duke Energy's website or by dialing 833.470.1428 in the U.S. or 929.526.1599 outside the U.S. The confirmation code is 187230. Please call in 10 to 15 minutes prior to the scheduled start time.
        A recording of the webcast will be available on the investors' section of the company's website on August 7.
        Duke Energy (NYSE: DUK), a Fortune 150 company headquartered in Charlotte, N.C., is one of America's largest energy holding companies. The company's electric utilities serve 8.4 million customers in North Carolina, South Carolina, Florida, Indiana, Ohio and Kentucky, and collectively own 54,800 megawatts of energy capacity. Its natural gas utilities serve 1.7 million customers in North Carolina, South Carolina, Tennessee, Ohio and Kentucky.
        Duke Energy is executing an ambitious clean energy transition, keeping reliability, affordability and accessibility at the forefront as the company works toward net-zero methane emissions from its natural gas business by 2030 and net-zero carbon emissions from electricity generation by 2050. The company is investing in major electric grid upgrades and cleaner generation, including expanded energy storage, renewables, natural gas and nuclear.
        More information is available at duke-energy.com and the Duke Energy News Center. Follow Duke Energy on Twitter, LinkedIn, Instagram and Facebook, and visit illumination for stories about the people and innovations powering our energy transition.
!END

!STD
National Renewable Solutions Announces Promotions to Expand its Executive Leadership

        Wednesday - August 07: (RWE) - Today, National Renewable Solutions (NRS or the Company), a US-based renewable energy company founded in 2011, announced four leadership promotions to charge the company's growth plans.
        NRS will have commercialized approximately 1.2 GW of wind, solar and energy storage projects by the end of this year and will transition to owning and operating projects as an independent power producer in 2025. The Company has a rich history of and success in deploying a community-based stakeholder engagement model for its robust utility scale pipeline.
        Lindsey Ransom is now Chief Commercial Officer, Mike Peck is Chief Operating Officer, Vineet Parkhe is Chief Technology Officer and Ben Klassen is Chief Legal Officer.
        Bill Whitlock, Chief Executive Officer, NRS, said, "Part of the joy of growing NRS is creating new and expanded opportunities for our people alongside the growth and maturation of the company. Today we are thrilled to recognize NRS values of integrity, innovation, commitment and community as we announce promotions within our senior leadership. These four individuals will continue to make our company stronger and lead our transition to an independent power producer." 
        About National Renewable Solutions: Founded in 2011, NRS originates, acquires and develops renewable energy projects throughout the US at various stages, including from greenfield through operations. NRS is owned by an investment fund managed by an investment management subsidiary of BlackRock, Inc and with its capital markets support and global reach, NRS has positioned itself as a major player in the U.S. renewable energy market.
!END

!STD
Luca Mining Engages Mining Contractor for Campo Morado

        Wednesday - August 07: (RWE) - Luca Mining Corp. ("Luca" or the "Company") (TSXV: LUCA) (OTCQX: LUCMF) (Frankfurt: Z68) is pleased to announce that it has engaged Cominvi, S.A. de C.V. ("Cominvi") to carry out core mining operations at the Company's 100% owned Campo Morado copper-zinc-gold mine located in the state of Guerrero in southwestern Mexico.
        Cominvi is one of the largest and most respected mining contractors in Latin America with a particular expertise in underground mining. They have a well-earned reputation for delivering excellent results with the highest degree of safety and responsibility.
        Working with Cominvi will allow Luca to quickly increase production at Campo Morado and will provide cost effective access to newer mining equipment for the Company's ongoing operations. The addition of Cominvi to our operations team will help ensure that Campo Morado can meet and exceed its daily production targets and will provide a rapid path to further increases in production and revenues without incurring significant capital expenditures.
        Dan Barnholden, CEO, commented, "I am very pleased to have Cominvi join our team at Campo Morado. They bring incredible expertise and experience and will greatly enhance our operational flexibility. The timing of this decision is fortuitous as Cominvi has just completed a major mining project nearby and therefore, mobilization will occur very quick. We intend to increase our mill throughput from the current 1,400-1,600 tonnes per day ("tpd") to 2,000 tpd by year end and continue to push forward to 2,400 tpd mill rate during 2025. These achievements, along with the Company's previously announced Campo Morado Improvement Project to increase metallurgical recoveries and produce higher value concentrates, will have a material positive impact on the Company's production, costs and cash flow. Cominvi's seasoned team will be an important factor in the execution of these plans."
        Luca Mining (TSX-V: LUCA, OTCQX: LUCMF, Frankfurt: Z68) is a diversified Canadian mining company with two 100%-owned producing mines in Mexico within the prolific Sierra Madre Mineral Belt. The Company produces gold, copper, zinc, silver and lead from these mines that each have considerable development and resource upside.
        The Campo Morado mine, is an underground operation located in Guerrero State, an important mining region in Mexico. It produces copper-zinc-lead concentrates with precious metals credits. It is currently undergoing an optimisation program which is already generating significant improvements in recoveries and grades, efficiencies, and cashflows. The mill at Campo Morado has a capacity of 2,400 tonnes per day.
        The Tahuehueto Gold, Silver mine is a new underground mine in Durango State, Mexico which hosts numerous producing and historic mines on trend. Tahuehueto has a designed processing capacity of 1,000 tonnes per day and expected to achieve commercial production in 2H 2024.
        The technical information contained in this News Release has been reviewed and approved by Mr. Chris Richings, Vice-President Technical at Luca Mining as the Qualified Person for the Company as defined in National Instrument 43-101.
        It should be noted that Luca declared commercial production at Campo Morado prior to completing a feasibility study of mineral reserves demonstrating economic and technical viability. Accordingly, readers should be cautioned that Luca's production decision has been made without a comprehensive feasibility study of established reserves such that there is greater risk and uncertainty as to future economic results from the Campo Morado mine and a higher technical risk of failure than would be the case if a feasibility study were completed and relied upon to make a production decision. Luca has completed a preliminary economic assessment ("PEA") mining study on the Campo Morado mine that provides a conceptual life of mine plan and a preliminary economic analysis based on the previously identified mineral resources (see news releases dated November 8, 2017, and April 4, 2018).
        Positive operating cash flow is defined as excluding capital, debt repayment and Trafigura financing.
!END

!STD
Bisabolene Market is Forecasted to Reach US$ 4.6 Million by 2034, Expanding at a CAGR of 3.9% | Fact.MR Report

        Wednesday - August 07: (RWE) - According to a new research report published by Fact.MR, the global Bisabolene Market was valued at US$ 3 million in 2023 and has been forecasted to expand at a CAGR of 3.9% to end up at US$ 4.6 million by 2034.
        An important ingredient in perfumes and cosmetics, bisabolene can be used as an antiseptic. In addition to having a pleasant aroma, it can also be used as a building material in medicine for the synthesis of various drugs and therapeutic molecules. Bisabolene is produced from sustainable sources such as plant biomass or sugar, and its potential as a renewable biofuel has attracted attention in the energy industry.
        The market is expanding steadily due to increasing consumer demand for natural and environment-friendly products. Conventional fossil fuels need to be replaced by sustainable renewable sources sooner than later. Moreover, microbial methods have become an effective for bisabolene production with the development of biotechnology using genetically engineered bacteria and yeast.
        North America and East Asia together account for well over half of global bisabolene sales, with the global market being handsomely led by the alpha- bisabolene variant.
        For More Insights into the Market, Request a Sample of this Report: https://www.factmr.com/connectus/sample?flag=S&rep_id=8753
        "Bisabolene is a promising material due to its natural source and wide variety of applications in the flavor, fragrance, and healthcare industries. Growth of this market will largely depend on a stable supply chain of natural resources and a beneficial regulatory framework," says a Fact.MR analyst.
        Increasing need for sustainable and renewable materials, biotechnology allowing improved microbial fermentation processes for growth, and expanding bisabolene use in fragrance, cosmetics, pharmaceuticals, and biofuel are key factors driving market growth. Investing heavily in R&D to explore new applications and enhance productivity, developing a framework for partnerships and collaborations, changes in the regulatory environment, with global emphasis on environmental sustainability, and shift toward environment-friendly bio-based products will be leading marker drivers in the years ahead.
        Businesses are allocating a sizeable portion of their profits on research and development (R&D) in an effort to attract more customers and find innovative solutions to challenges in order to stay competitive.
        In order to succeed, businesses are creating customized answers to issues that cater to the demands of particular industries.
!END

!STD
MPLX LP Reports Second-Quarter 2024 Financial Results

        Wednesday - August 07: (RWE) - MPLX LP (NYSE: MPLX) today reported second-quarter 2024 net income attributable to MPLX of $1,176 million, compared with $933 million for the second quarter of 2023. Second-quarter 2024 net income includes a $151 million gain from the closing of the strategic transaction combining the Whistler and Rio Bravo natural gas assets. For the first half of the year, net income attributable to MPLX was $2,181 million, compared with $1,876 million in the first half of 2023.
        Adjusted earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortization (EBITDA) attributable to MPLX was $1,653 million, compared with $1,531 million for the second quarter of 2023. Logistics and Storage (L&S) segment adjusted EBITDA for the second quarter of 2024 was $1,129 million, compared with $1,022 million for the second quarter of 2023. Gathering and Processing (G&P) segment adjusted EBITDA for the second quarter of 2024 was $524 million, compared with $509 million for the second quarter of 2023.
        During the quarter, MPLX generated $1,565 million in net cash provided by operating activities, $1,404 million of distributable cash flow, and adjusted free cash flow of $1,448 million. MPLX announced a second-quarter 2024 distribution of $0.85 per common unit, resulting in distribution coverage of 1.6x for the quarter. The leverage ratio was 3.4x at the end of the quarter.
        "MPLX's adjusted EBITDA grew 8% in the first half of 2024 compared to the same period in 2023, and in the second quarter our cash flow generation enabled the return of $949 million of capital to unitholders," said Maryann Mannen, MPLX president and chief executive officer. "We are executing our growth strategy anchored in the Permian and Marcellus basins. This growth allows us to reinvest in the business and continue to return capital to unitholders."
        Non-GAAP measures calculated before distributions to preferred unitholders. See reconciliation in the tables that follow.
        Calculated using face value total debt and LTM adjusted EBITDA. Also referred to as leverage ratio. See reconciliation in the tables that follow.
        L&S segment adjusted EBITDA for the second quarter of 2024 increased by $107 million compared to the same period in 2023. The increase was primarily driven by higher rates, including growth from equity affiliates.
        Total pipeline throughputs were 6.0 million barrels per day (bpd) in the second quarter, an increase of 1% versus the same quarter of 2023. The average pipeline tariff rate was $0.98 per barrel for the quarter, an increase of 10% versus the same quarter of 2023. Terminal throughput was 3.2 million bpd for the quarter, an increase of 1% versus the same quarter of 2023.
        G&P segment adjusted EBITDA for the second quarter of 2024 increased by $15 million compared to the same period in 2023, primarily due to increased volumes, including contributions from recently acquired assets, largely offset by higher operating expenses and a gain on sale of assets that occurred in the second quarter of 2023.
        In the L&S segment, MPLX is expanding its Permian basin value chains in natural gas and natural gas liquids long-haul pipelines, and crude gathering pipelines supporting the Permian and Bakken basins. In the third quarter:
!END

!STD
Marathon Petroleum Corp. Reports Second-Quarter 2024 Results

        Wednesday - August 07: (RWE) - Marathon Petroleum Corp. (NYSE: MPC) today reported net income attributable to MPC of $1.5 billion, or $4.33 per diluted share, for the second quarter of 2024, compared with net income attributable to MPC of $2.2 billion, or $5.32 per diluted share, for the second quarter of 2023. 
        Adjusted net income was $1.4 billion, or $4.12 per diluted share, for the second quarter of 2024. Adjustments are shown in the accompanying release tables.
        The second quarter of 2024 adjusted earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortization (adjusted EBITDA) was $3.4 billion, compared with $4.5 billion for the second quarter of 2023. Adjustments are shown in the accompanying release tables.
        "Our second quarter results reflect our commitment to peer-leading operational and commercial performance," said President and Chief Executive Officer Maryann Mannen. "Overall, the business generated $3.2 billion of net cash provided by operating activities and we returned $3.2 billion through share repurchases and dividends during the quarter. We continue to execute disciplined, high-return refining investments and advance attractive midstream growth opportunities."
        Segment adjusted EBITDA was $2.0 billion in the second quarter of 2024, versus $3.2 billion for the second quarter of 2023. R&M segment adjusted EBITDA was $7.07 per barrel for the second quarter of 2024, versus $11.88 per barrel for the second quarter of 2023. Segment adjusted EBITDA excludes refining planned turnaround costs, which totaled $183 million in the second quarter of 2024 and $392 million in the second quarter of 2023. The decrease in segment adjusted EBITDA was driven primarily by lower market crack spreads.
        R&M margin was $17.37 per barrel for the second quarter of 2024, versus $22.10 per barrel for the second quarter of 2023. Crude capacity utilization was approximately 97%, resulting in total throughput of 3.1 million barrels per day for the second quarter of 2024.
        Refining operating costs per barrel were $4.97 for the second quarter of 2024, versus $5.15 for the second quarter of 2023.
        Segment adjusted EBITDA was $1.6 billion in the second quarter of 2024, versus $1.5 billion for the second quarter of 2023. The results were primarily driven by higher rates, higher volumes, and contributions from recently acquired assets.
        Corporate expenses totaled $223 million in the second quarter of 2024, compared with $183 million in the second quarter of 2023. The variance was primarily driven by $30 million of expense related to the decommissioning of non-operating assets.
        As of June 30, 2024, MPC had $8.5 billion of cash, cash equivalents, and short-term investments and $5 billion available on its bank revolving credit facility.
!END

!STD
Caterpillar Reports Second-Quarter 2024 Results

        Wednesday - August 07: (RWE) - Caterpillar Inc. (NYSE: CAT) announced second-quarter 2024 results. Sales and revenues for the second quarter of 2024 were $16.7 billion, a 4% decrease compared with $17.3 billion in the second quarter of 2023. The decrease was primarily due to lower sales volume, partially offset by favorable price realization.
        Operating profit margin was 20.9% for the second quarter of 2024, compared with 21.1% for the second quarter of 2023. Adjusted operating profit margin was 22.4% for the second quarter of 2024, compared with 21.3% for the second quarter of 2023. Second-quarter 2024 profit per share was $5.48, compared with second-quarter 2023 profit per share of $5.67. Adjusted profit per share in the second quarter of 2024 was $5.99, compared with second-quarter 2023 adjusted profit per share of $5.55. For the second quarter of 2024 and 2023, adjusted operating profit margin and adjusted profit per share excluded restructuring costs. Second-quarter 2023 adjusted profit per share also excluded a discrete tax benefit to adjust deferred tax balances.
        For the second quarter of 2024, enterprise operating cash flow was $3.0 billion, and the company ended the second quarter with $4.3 billion of enterprise cash. In the quarter, the company deployed $1.8 billion of cash for repurchases of Caterpillar common stock and $0.6 billion of cash for dividends.
        "I'd like to thank our team for delivering another strong quarter, including higher adjusted operating profit margin, record adjusted profit per share and robust ME&T free cash flow," said Chairman and CEO Jim Umpleby. "Our results continue to reflect the benefit of the diversity of our end markets as well as the disciplined execution of our strategy for long-term profitable growth."
        Consolidated Sales and Revenues ComparisonSecond Quarter 2024 vs. Second Quarter 2023 
        The chart above graphically illustrates reasons for the change in consolidated sales and revenues between the second quarter of 2023 (at left) and the second quarter of 2024 (at right). Caterpillar management utilizes these charts internally to visually communicate with the company's board of directors and employees.
        Total sales and revenues for the second quarter of 2024 were $16.689 billion, a decrease of $629 million, or 4%, compared with $17.318 billion in the second quarter of 2023. The decrease was primarily due to lower sales volume of $1.206 billion, partially offset by favorable price realization of $578 million. The decrease in sales volume was mainly driven by the impact from changes in dealer inventories. Dealer inventory decreased during the second quarter of 2024, compared with an increase during the second quarter of 2023.
        In the three primary segments, sales were lower in Construction Industries and Resource Industries and higher in Energy & Transportation.
!END

!STD
Global Agrochemicals Industry Poised For Lucrative Growth by the Year 2030: Grand View Research, Inc.

        Wednesday - August 07: (RWE) - The global agrochemicals industry is anticipated to witness an upward growth curve between the years 2024 and 2030, as per the market intelligence reports published by Grand View Research. Some of the prominent factors driving this growth are the rising global demand for fertilizers, the need for maintenance and protection of crops in varied climatic conditions, the increased adoption of precision farming practices, and the increasing demand for food for the ever-increasing global population.
        Concurrently, however, considering their potential harm to consumers and the environment, synthetic agrochemicals are witnessing increasing regulatory scrutiny by governments, regulatory bodies, and environmental organizations worldwide. In addition, the increasing preference for organic alternatives globally may also hinder the market growth of the global agrochemicals industry. Following is a list of markets that are driving growth for the agrochemicals industry:
        The global agricultural adjuvants market was estimated at USD 3.80 billion in 2023 and is projected to grow at a compound annual growth rate (CAGR) of 4.7% from 2024 to 2030. The market growth is attributed to the increasing demand for crop protection products in agricultural fields, as approximately 25% of the world's crop output is lost yearly due to diseases and attacks by pests and weeds. Pesticide consumption is also expected to drive market growth, as most adjuvants are used in pesticides.
        The agricultural biologicals market size was estimated at USD 7.13 billion in 2023 globally, and it is anticipated to expand at a compound annual growth rate (CAGR) of 9.4% from 2024 to 2030. The rising demand for organically cultivated food products is projected to be a key driving factor for market growth. Agricultural biologicals help protect plants against pests and are increasingly becoming an integral part of modern farming practices.
        Global biochar market size was estimated at USD 541.8 million in 2023 and is projected to register a compound annual growth rate (CAGR) of 13.9% from 2024 to 2030. Increasing product consumption in producing organic food and its ability to enhance soil fertility & plant growth are expected to be key factors driving market growth.
        The biofertilizers market size was valued at USD 1.66 billion in 2023 globally and is expected to grow at a CAGR of 13.3% from 2024 to 2030. The increasing usage of microbes in biofertilizers proves the potential for sustainable farming methods and food safety. The increasing concern with respect to food safety is expected to drive the market for biofertilizers over the forecast period.
        Global biological seed treatment market size was estimated at USD 1.28 billion in 2022 and is projected to expand at a compound annual growth rate (CAGR) of 12.4% from 2023 to 2030. The surging demand for chemical-free crops is expected to drive the growth of the industry over the forecast period. A shift in consumer trends toward the improvement of personal health and consumption of healthy food is also likely to fuel the product demand.
        The global biostimulants market size was estimated at USD 2.6 billion in 2022 and is anticipated to register a compound annual growth rate (CAGR) of 7.4% from 2023 to 2030. This growth is attributed to the rising demand for the product from various end-use applications such as seed, soil, and foliar treatment. Biostimulants are fertilizers that are created organically and are used to nourish agricultural products as well as to promote plant growth and production.
        The crop protection chemicals market size was valued at USD 43.24 billion in 2022 globally and is expected to grow at a compound annual growth rate (CAGR) of 5.6% from 2023 to 2030. This growth is attributed to the increasing need for food security due to the rising global population along with increasing awareness of crop protection for healthy yields. The agricultural industry is driven by the rising demand for food due to the increasing population, this is likely to propel the growth of the product market during the forecast period.
        Global nitric acid market size was estimated at USD 29.8 billion in 2022 and is projected to grow at a compound annual growth rate (CAGR) of 2.4% from 2023 to 2030. The growth for the product is expected to be driven by increasing demand for the product from fertilizer formulators and by rising consumption of fertilizers in agrarian economies of the world.
!END

!STD
Climatize Closes $1.75 Million Pre-Seed Round to Scale Global Network of Climate Focused Investors to Accelerate Renewable Energy Adoption

        Wednesday - August 07: (RWE) - Climatize, an SEC-registered impact investing platform that allows investors to fund renewable energy projects while earning up to 10% annually, announced today the close of a $1.75 million pre-seed round, led by Myriad Venture Partners. The round also includes investments from Climate Capital, Techstars, Responsibly Ventures, and Temerity Capital. Notable angel investors include the co-founder of GoFundMe, the former operating partner of Bessemer Ventures, and the head of Americas for a utility-scale renewable energy developer, Low Carbon.
        Historically, small and medium-sized renewable energy projects across the US have been severely underfunded. Projects at this scale are not large enough for institutional capital, and they're often too big for community lenders that aren't familiar with renewable energy technology or economics. The S&P Global Clean Energy Technology Market Outlook projects that small-scale solar systems installed at or near the point of consumption will demand $1.5 trillion between 2022 - 2030, a figure that's even larger than the utility scale demand of $1.3 trillion over the same period.
        Climatize solves this by working with experienced renewable energy developers across states like North Carolina, Tennessee, Colorado, and Georgia to find high-quality projects and list them on the Climatize platform. Once these projects are on Climatize, any investor over the age of 18 that has a US bank account can fund these opportunities with as little as $10. Solar and other renewable energy technologies need to be deployed at a much faster rate for us to reach the ambitious carbon reduction targets established by the scientific community.
        "Climatize was born from the 2019 Global Climate Strikes when we realized that traditional activism lacked tangible change," said Will Wiseman, co-founder and CEO of Climatize. "We built the Climatize platform to enable anyone to become an active stakeholder in the energy transition by investing directly in renewable energy projects. We're incredibly excited to continue deploying solar and other renewable technologies while giving investors an opportunity to increase their impact and diversify their portfolios."
        Over the past year, Climatize has made big strides towards its mission of creating the global network for climate-focused investors which will propel billions of dollars into renewable energy projects. This will help lower energy costs, electrify and decarbonize businesses, and mitigate the effects of climate change.
        To date, Climatize's platform has funded 11 projects across seven states thanks to the 950+ members who have invested over $4.6 million dollars. These investments have helped to install solar energy and battery storage for businesses such as farms, community centers, and houses of worship. These projects have resulted in 965 kW of new solar capacity and 1,357 kWh of energy storage added to the grid. Climatize's platform has helped fund a number of projects for Ovanova, a solar developer based in the southeastern United States.
        "Most banking institutions in rural communities have no idea how to loan capital against solar or other renewable energy assets, and as such many potentially lucrative projects aren't built," said Lester Crafton, CSO & co-founder of Ovanova. "Climatize has made it possible for rural small businesses and farmers to access capital that otherwise wouldn't be available. Thanks to Climatize's platform we were able to build several projects utilizing debt instead of our working capital."
        "We see a tremendous demand from businesses large and small for cleaner, cheaper and more reliable energy. Climatize is helping to achieve this by advancing renewable energy generation projects that are often underserved by traditional project financers," said Tim Chiang, co-founder and partner at Myriad Venture Partners. "The future of clean energy is distributed, and Myriad is proud to support Climatize's work to make clean energy financing more efficient, transparent & accessible for communities and businesses. We look forward to working closely with the Climatize team as they expand their offerings, partnerships, and ultimately, impact."
        Climatize expects to use these funds to expand their product and technology roadmap, improve the customer experience, develop partnerships with key stakeholders, and continue to attract top talent.
!END

!STD
Aquaron Acquisition Corp. Announces Additional Contribution to Trust Account to Extend Period to Consummate Business Combination

        Wednesday - August 07: (RWE) - Aquaron Acquisition Corp. (NASDAQ: AQU, the "Company"), a special purpose acquisition company, announced today that HUTURE Ltd. ("Huture") has deposited into the Company's trust account (the "Trust Account") an aggregate of $20,000, in order to extend the period of time the Company has to complete a business combination for one additional month, from August 6, 2024 to September 6, 2024. The Company issued a promissory note to Huture with a principal amount equal to the amount deposited. The promissory note bears no interest and is convertible into the Company's shares of common stock at a price of $10.00 per unit (each unit is consisted of one share of common stock and one right to receive one-fifth (1/5) of a share of common stock) at the closing of a business combination by the Company. The purpose of the extension is to provide more time for the Company to complete a business combination.
        Aquaron Acquisition Corp. is a Delaware corporation incorporated as a blank check company for the purpose of entering into a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, recapitalization, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses or entities. The Company's efforts to identify a prospective target business will not be limited to a particular industry or geographic region, although it intends to focus on operating businesses in the new energy sector. The Company affirmatively excludes as an initial business combination target any company of which financial statements are audited by an accounting firm that the United States Public Company Accounting Oversight Board is unable to inspect for two consecutive years beginning in 2021 and any target company with China operations consolidated through a VIE structure.
        This press release includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Forward looking statements are statements that are not historical facts. Such forward-looking statements, including the successful consummation of the Company's initial public offering, are subject to risks and uncertainties, which could cause actual results to differ from the forward looking statements. The Company expressly disclaims any obligations or undertaking to release publicly any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements contained herein to reflect any change in the Company's expectations with respect thereto or any change in events, conditions or circumstances on which any statement is based.
!END

!STD
Avient Announces Second Quarter 2024 Results

        Wednesday - August 07: (RWE) - Avient Corporation (NYSE: AVNT), a leading provider of specialized and sustainable materials solutions, today announced its second quarter 2024 results. The company reported second quarter sales of $849.7 million compared to $824.4 million in the prior year quarter.
        Second quarter GAAP earnings per share (EPS) from continuing operations was $0.36 compared to $0.24 in the prior year quarter. The company noted that second quarter 2024 GAAP EPS includes $0.24 of special items (see Attachment 3) and $0.16 of intangible amortization expense (see Attachment 1). Second quarter 2024 adjusted EPS was $0.76 compared to $0.63 in the prior year.
        "Building on the positive start to the year, we delivered a strong second quarter, highlighted by broad-based growth across all regions and most end markets," said Dr. Ashish Khandpur, President and Chief Executive Officer of Avient Corporation. "Consolidated sales expanded for the first time in seven quarters with contributions from both our Color, Additives and Inks, and Specialty Engineered Materials segments. This performance reflects our team's focus to capitalize on growth opportunities across the many end markets we serve, with particular success this quarter in packaging and consumer, our two largest end markets."
        Dr. Khandpur added, "On a geographic basis, all regions delivered year-over-year organic sales growth. The US and Canada grew organic sales 5% and Latin America had a strong quarter growing organic sales by 19%. Growth in the Americas was driven by improving underlying demand trends, as well as winning new specifications and gaining share in markets supported by secular trends. We also generated 4% and 1% organic sales growth in EMEA and Asia, respectively. Europe and Asia regions benefited largely from restocking and share gains, particularly in the packaging end market."
        "Looking ahead to the third quarter, we expect adjusted EPS of $0.62, a 9% increase over the prior year," said Jamie Beggs, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Avient Corporation. "We anticipate continued year-over-year organic sales growth, with both segments growing earnings."
        Ms. Beggs continued, "Our demand outlook for the second half of the year remains largely unchanged from our previous outlook in May, so we are updating our full-year guidance to reflect the strong second quarter results. Accordingly, our revised full-year guidance for adjusted EBITDA is now $515 million to $540 million, from our previous range of $510 million to $535 million. Our revised range for adjusted EPS is between $2.55 to $2.70, from our previous range of $2.50 to $2.65."
        "I'm pleased with how we have delivered during the first half of the year," added Dr. Khandpur. "As we look to the second half, we expect growth momentum to continue with our teams focused on providing innovative materials and processing solutions to solve our customers' challenges to enable a sustainable world. I look forward to sharing more details in our third quarter earnings call and at our upcoming investor day in New York City on December 4th."
        The company also announced the release of its latest Sustainability Report, now available at www.avient.com/sustainability. 
        The report provides an update on Avient's contributions and impact in creating a more sustainable future, including progress that the company has made towards its 2030 goals.
        "We're extremely proud to share our latest achievements in this year's report, particularly our upgraded ratings by Ecovadis to Gold and by CDP to A-. Sustainability is a responsibility we have to all of our stakeholders, and it is a growth driver for our company as we enable our customers to achieve their sustainability goals, ultimately creating value for our shareholders," explained Ms. Beggs.
!END

!STD
KBR and Avina Enter Into FEED and Technology Licensing Agreement for Sustainable Aviation Fuels

        Wednesday - August 07: (RWE) - KBR (NYSE: KBR) announced today that Avina Clean Hydrogen Inc. has selected the sustainable aviation fuel technology, PureSAF℠, for its project in the US. Developed by Swedish Biofuels, PureSAF technology is exclusively licensed by KBR worldwide.
        Under the terms of the contract, KBR will provide the technology licensing, proprietary engineering design, and front-end engineering design (FEED) for Avina's facility to produce 120 million gallons of sustainable aviation fuel (SAF) per year.
        "PureSAF is an innovative, advanced technology that produces jet fuel that is fully fungible with conventional jet fuel, from a variety of feedstocks at low cost and on an industrial scale," said Angelica Hull, Managing Director of Swedish Biofuels. "In addition to processing ethanol, our technology can also convert mixed alcohols, carbon dioxide, and synthesis gas to SAF, creating pathways for utilizing captured carbon for a cleaner, more sustainable future."
        "We are excited to expand our collaboration with Avina as it ventures into the SAF market," said Jay Ibrahim, KBR President, Sustainable Technology Solutions. "In 2023, KBR's K-GreeN® technology was selected by Avina for its green ammonia project in the US. Avina's leadership in energy transition projects aligns with KBR's commitment to implementing decarbonization technologies to advance ESG objectives. Along with Swedish Biofuels, we look forward to helping Avina diversify into other high-potential sustainable growth sectors."
        "We are delighted to select the innovative aviation fuel technology offered by KBR for our ethanol-to-sustainable jet fuel project in Illinois," said Vishal Shah, Chief Executive Officer of Avina Clean Hydrogen. "PureSAF's project-economic advantages, low carbon intensity, and environmental benefits make it an ideal choice compared to other technologies."
        KBR remains at the forefront of pioneering decarbonization initiatives, through continuous process innovation and harnessing low-carbon technologies to reduce emissions effectively. In 2024, KBR is celebrating 100 years of offering clean fuel solutions.
        We deliver science, technology and engineering solutions to governments and companies around the world. KBR employs approximately 36,000 people worldwide with customers in more than 80 countries and operations in over 30 countries.
        KBR is proud to work with its customers across the globe to provide technology, value-added services, and long-term operations and maintenance services to ensure consistent delivery with predictable results. At KBR, We Deliver.
!END

!STD
Drilling Tools International Corp. Closes on Acquisition of Superior Drilling Products, Inc.; Company Reports 2024 Second Quarter Results

        Wednesday - August 07: (RWE) - Drilling Tools International Corp., (NASDAQ: DTI) ("DTI" or the "Company"), a global oilfield services company that designs, engineers, manufactures and provides a differentiated, rental-focused offering of tools for use in onshore and offshore drilling operations, as well as other cutting-edge solutions across the well life cycle, today announced that it has closed on its acquisition of Superior Drilling Products, Inc. ("SDP") for total consideration paid in cash and DTI stock of approximately $32.2 million per the merger agreement, subject to purchase price accounting adjustments. DTI also reported today its 2024 second quarter results.
        Wayne Prejean, CEO of DTI, stated, "We are pleased to announce the closing of the SDP acquisition and are excited to welcome SDP's talented team to the DTI family and add SDP's world-class manufacturing expertise into our broad-reaching and expanding global sales channels. This acquisition furthers DTI's growth strategy as a premier provider of technologically differentiated solutions and services for the global oil & gas drilling industry. Directly integrating SDP's patented Drill-N-Ream® ("DNR") well bore conditioning tool into DTI's vast fleet of tools and technologies provides expanded geographic market potential, lowers our capital requirements and operating costs, and improves operational efficiencies across our portfolio of capabilities. SDP's unique offering of proprietary diamond process expertise, sophisticated manufacturing capabilities, and their recently established Middle East footprint will greatly benefit DTI's technology focused product and service offering on a global scale."
        Prejean added, "We expect to benefit from significant synergies over the next twelve months from this acquisition and have identified more than $4.5 million of SG&A synergies and realizable NOL tax benefits. In addition, there are vertical and horizontal integration synergies that include approximately 60% CapEx savings on new DNR tools and a 45% Repair & Maintenance margin capture. I would also like to highlight that in addition to the Vernal, Utah SDP bit repair, manufacturing, and technology center, we gained a fully operational bit repair facility in the UAE and several hundred fit-for-purpose DNR tools on the ground in the Middle East which gives us fuel in the tank to serve our clients in the region. We also gained an approximately $6.6 million receivable from the selling party to extinguish an existing Note which will accrue to DTI's benefit, effectively reducing the overall transaction amount."
        Total revenue was $37.5 million, relatively flat compared to last year's second quarter. Tool Rental net revenue was $28.3 million and Product Sales net revenue totaled $9.2 million in the second quarter of 2024. Operating expenses were $35.3 million, operating income was $2.2 million and Adjusted EBITDA(1) was $9.0 million in the second quarter of 2024. Adjusted free cash flow(1)(2) significantly improved by $3.2 million from ($4.3) million in last year's second quarter to ($1.1) million in this year's quarter.
        "Turning to our 2024 second quarter operational results, the U.S. rig count experienced continued softness that led to a decline in the quarter compared to our flat rig count outlook earlier this year. In response, we have implemented a cost reduction program for an annualized savings of $2.4 million. We will continue to appropriately scale our operations to adjust for the activity levels in North America but will continue with our growth initiatives in other markets where growth opportunities are available. Additionally, we were able to manage capital expenditures and improve our Adjusted Free Cash Flow by $3.2 million over last year's second quarter. Because of this unique lever at our disposal to generate returns despite a decline in North American land activity, we are maintaining our Adjusted Free Cash Flow guidance range of $20 million - $25 million for the full year," concluded Prejean.
        Adjusted Net Income, Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA Margin, and Adjusted Free Cash Flow are non-GAAP financial measures. See "Non-GAAP Financial Measures" at the end of this release for a discussion of reconciliations to the most directly comparable financial measures calculated and presented in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles ("GAAP").
        Adjusted Free Cash Flow defined as Adjusted EBITDA less Gross Capital Expenditures.
        DTI will hold a conference call today to discuss the SDP acquisition and second quarter results, which can be accessed live via dial-in or webcast on Tuesday, August 6, 2024 at 9:00 a.m. Eastern Time (8:00 a.m. Central Time).   Please dial 1-862-298-0702 and ask for the DTI call at least 10 minutes prior to the start time, or listen to the live webcast by logging onto: https://investors.drillingtools.com/news-events/events.  An audio replay will be available through August 13th by dialing 1-201-612-7415 and using passcode 13748086#. Also, an archive of the webcast will be available shortly after the call at https://investors.drillingtools.com/news-events/events for 90 days. Please submit any questions for management prior to the call via email to [email protected].
        DTI is a Houston, Texas based leading oilfield services company that manufactures and rents downhole drilling tools used in horizontal and directional drilling of oil and natural gas wells. With roots dating back to 1984, DTI now operates from 16 service and support centers across North America and maintains 10 international service and support centers across the EMEA and APAC regions. To learn more about DTI, please visit: www.drillingtools.com.
        * Shares of legacy redeemable convertible preferred stock and legacy common stock have been retroactively restated to give effect to the Merger.
!END

!STD
Climate Impact Partners launches program to rapidly scale novel carbon removal technologies

        Wednesday - August 07: (RWE) - Climate Impact Partners, experts in the voluntary carbon market for more than 25 years, has today launched its new carbon dioxide removal program, enabling companies – from SMEs to multinationals – to channel finance to innovative carbon dioxide removal technologies. 
        To meet global net zero goals, 10 billion tons of CO2 needs to be removed from the atmosphere every year by 2050. The program will accelerate the deployment of new and high permanence hand-selected carbon removal solutions. This includes direct air capture from Octavia Carbon, ocean alkalinity enhancement, and enhanced rock weathering from UNDO Carbon.
        Through the program, organisations provide early-stage support, which is distributed across a range of carbon dioxide removal solutions, helping to overcome the high-cost barrier to entry in the sector - minimising the risk of delivery and maximising innovation.
        "A future with negative emissions technologies becomes one step closer with our program," said Rob Stevens, Director of Product Development at Climate Impact Partners. "These innovative technologies need to be piloted, proven, scaled and made more affordable - early-stage finance is critical to that. We are putting our decades of carbon experience to the task of crowding more companies into the space to provide the stream of finance needed."  
        Demand for removal technologies is growing significantly. Purchases have grown nearly eight-fold since 2022 and the number of companies supporting removal technologies has doubled.
        "The carbon removal market is currently starved of investment, stifling innovation and progress in the sector," said Diana Maranga, Business Development Lead at Octavia. "As the Global South's first Direct Air Capture (DAC) company, our goal is to scale DAC down the cost curve and lead the charge in reversing the effects of climate change. But, to make that happen, we first need private sector initiatives like Climate Impact Partners' new program, allowing us to unlock the necessary financial resources to scale our impact."
        "Businesses must be able to establish relationships with carbon project developers to funnel much-needed finance to viable climate solutions," added Chris Zair, Head of Partnerships at UNDO. "To have the most impact, they should select projects that remove carbon permanently while providing co-benefits to nature and people. UNDO accelerates the potential of natural rock weathering while providing co-benefits to soils and rural communities, which could address 40% of global CO₂ removal targets if scaled significantly."
        Companies can demonstrate progress towards their Beyond Value Chain Mitigation (BVCM) goals through supporting the program, with key progress updates shared via the Climate Impact Partners Dashboard.
        Climate Impact Partners is a leader in developing and delivering high-quality, high-impact carbon market solutions for climate action. For more than 25 years, the company has worked with climate-leading businesses to support more than 600 carbon removal and reduction projects in 56 countries. With a focus on helping to transform the global economy, improve health and livelihoods and restore a thriving planet, Climate Impact Partners develops and delivers the highest quality carbon-financed projects. It creates and manages carbon credit and energy attribute certificate portfolios that enable its clients to offset emissions they can't yet reduce, put a price on carbon to incentivize change, and meet ambitious climate goals. Climate Impact Partners builds on the expertise, integrity, and innovation of two companies that have led the voluntary carbon market – Natural Capital Partners and ClimateCare. Learn more at www.climateimpact.com
!END

!STD
Sodium Sulfur Batteries Market to Reach $1.6 Billion, Globally, by 2033 at 12.3% CAGR: Allied Market Research

        Wednesday - August 07: (RWE) - Allied Market Research published a report, titled, "Sodium Sulfur Batteries Market by Application (Load Levelling, Standby Power Sources, Fluctuating Power Stabilization, Space and Others): Global Opportunity Analysis and Industry Forecast, 2024-2033". According to the report, the sodium sulfur batteries market was valued at $0.5 billion in 2023, and is estimated to reach $1.6 billion by 2033, growing at a CAGR of 12.3% from 2024 to 2033.
        The global sodium sulfur battery market is driven by rapid technological advancements for improving efficiency and energy density. For instance, in 2023, a Chinese-Australian research group created a new sodium-sulfur battery that purportedly provides four times the energy capacity of lithium-ion batteries. They say it is far cheaper to produce the newly developed sodium sulfur batteries and offers the potential to dramatically reduce energy storage costs. Furthermore, rise in demand for grid storage solutions to stabilize and manage electricity supply is a significant economic driver for sodium-sulfur batteries. These batteries are well-suited for large-scale energy storage, helping to balance supply and demand, integrate renewable energy sources, and provide backup power during outages. The ability to store and release large amounts of energy makes them valuable for utility companies and grid operators. This factor may surge the growth of the sodium sulfur battery market during the forecast period. However, high operating temperatures of sodium sulfur battery makes it unfit for use in various applications. This factor may restrain the growth of the sodium sulfur battery market during the forecast period. 
        The load levelling segment to maintain its lead position during the forecast period. 
        Sodium-sulfur batteries are widely used in load leveling applications due to their high energy density, long cycle life, and excellent charge/discharge efficiency. These batteries can store large amounts of energy for extended periods, making them ideal for smoothing out fluctuations in electricity demand and supply. Additionally, sodium-sulfur batteries can operate efficiently over a wide range of temperatures, maintaining performance even in challenging environmental conditions. Their robustness and reliability ensure consistent performance in load leveling applications, helping to stabilize the grid and optimize energy distribution. Overall, sodium-sulfur batteries are well-suited for load leveling due to their energy storage capacity, durability, and versatility in meeting the dynamic needs of modern power systems. 
        The demand for sodium-sulfur batteries is increasing in the North America region primarily due to the growing emphasis on renewable energy integration and grid modernization initiatives. As North America transitions towards a more sustainable energy future, there is a need for efficient energy storage solutions to support the integration of intermittent renewable energy sources like solar and wind.
        Sodium-sulfur batteries, with their high energy density, long cycle life, and ability to provide reliable grid support, are increasingly recognized as viable options for large-scale energy storage applications. Moreover, advancements in sodium-sulfur battery technology, coupled with government incentives and favorable regulatory frameworks promoting energy storage deployment, are further driving their adoption in North America. These factors collectively contribute to rise in demand for sodium-sulfur batteries in the region, as utilities and grid operators seek to enhance grid reliability, resilience, and sustainability. 
        Note: Since, NGK INSULATORS, LTD is the only commercial manufacturer of sodium sulfur battery worldwide. We will update our competitive landscape profile once new players emerge in the sodium sulfur battery market.
!END

!STD
ZEEKR to Report Second Quarter 2024 Financial Results on August 21, 2024

        Wednesday - August 07: (RWE) - ZEEKR Intelligent Technology Holding Limited ("ZEEKR" or the "Company") (NYSE: ZK), a fast-growing intelligent battery electric vehicle ("BEV") technology company, today announced that it will report its unaudited financial results for the quarter ended June 30, 2024, before the U.S. markets open on Wednesday, August 21, 2024.
        The Company's management will host an earnings conference call on Wednesday, August 21, 2024, at 8:00 A.M. U.S. Eastern Time (8:00 P.M. Beijing/Hong Kong Time on the same day).
        All participants who wish to join the call are requested to complete the online registration using the link provided below. After registration, each participant will receive by email a set of dial-in numbers, a passcode and a unique access PIN to join the conference call. Participants may pre-register at any time, including up to and after the call start time.
        A live webcast of the conference call will be available on the Company's investor relations website at https://ir.zeekrlife.com/.
        ZEEKR is a fast-growing intelligent BEV technology company. The Company aspires to lead the electrification, intelligentization, and innovation of the automobile industry through the development and sales of next-generation premium BEVs and technology-driven solutions. Incorporated in March 2021, ZEEKR has focused on innovative BEV architecture, hardware, software, and the application of new technologies. Its current product portfolio primarily includes ZEEKR 001, a five-seater, cross-over shooting brake; ZEEKR 001 FR, its latest cross-over shooting brake; ZEEKR 009, a luxury six-seater MPV; ZEEKR 009 Grand, a four-seat deluxe version of ZEEKR 009; ZEEKR X, a compact SUV, and an upscale sedan model.
        With a mission to create the ultimate mobility experience through technology and solutions, ZEEKR's efforts are backed by strong in-house R&D capabilities, a deep understanding of products, high operational flexibility, and a flat, efficient organizational structure. Together, these features enable fast product development, launch, and iteration, as well as the creation of a series of customer-oriented products and go-to-market strategies.
!END

!STD
SunPower Announces Stalking Horse Asset Purchase Agreement with Complete Solaria to Sell Blue Raven Solar, New Homes, and its Non-Installing Dealer Network

        Wednesday - August 07: (RWE) - SunPower Corp. (NASDAQ:SPWR), (the "Company" or "SunPower"), a leading residential solar technology and energy services provider, today announced it has entered into an asset purchase agreement (the "APA") with Complete Solaria, Inc. (NASDAQ:CSLR) ("Complete Solaria") to serve as the Stalking Horse Buyer for the assets associated with SunPower's Blue Raven Solar business, New Homes business, and non-installing Dealer network (the "Assets"). Concurrently, the Company and certain of its subsidiaries filed voluntary petitions for relief under Chapter 11 of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code ("Chapter 11") in the United States Bankruptcy Court for the District of Delaware (the "Court"), which will provide other interested parties the opportunity to submit competing bids for the Company's assets.
        Under the terms of the APA, subject to Court approval, Complete Solaria will acquire the Assets and assume certain related liabilities for $45 million in cash. The Company has asked the Court for approval to complete the transaction mid to late September. Additionally, SunPower intends to continue a sale process for its remaining assets and effectuate any resulting sale transactions pursuant to Section 363 of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code.
        "For nearly 40 years, SunPower has made solar energy more accessible to Americans, driven by our mission to change the way our world is powered. We are confident Complete Solaria's CEO, T.J. Rodgers, will carry forward our vision to shape the future of residential solar as a pioneer in this space," said Tom Werner, Executive Chairman at SunPower. "In light of the challenges SunPower has faced, the proposed transaction offers a significant opportunity for key parts of our business to continue our legacy under new ownership. We are working to secure long-term solutions for the remaining areas of our business, while maintaining our focus on supporting our valued employees, customers, dealers, builders, and partners."
        "Solar energy utility generation costs are now 2.4 cents per kilowatt hour (kWh) versus 3.6 cents per kWh for coal, the cheapest fossil fuel source," said T.J. Rodgers, CEO, Complete Solaria. "Thus the move to zero‑emission solar energy is accelerating, along with distributed solar power generation, as homeowners can now generate their own power for 8-10 cents per kWh, below the price of utility power in most states. We look to welcome Blue Raven Solar, the SunPower New Homes Division, and a portion of SunPower's Dealer network into the Complete Solaria portfolio. This acquisition will strengthen our position in the market and put more muscle behind our commitment to driving the future of clean, reliable energy."
        SunPower has requested Court approval to access the necessary prepetition cash collateral to fund business operations and administrative expenses during the Chapter 11 cases. To support its operations during the court-supervised process, the Company is filing a variety of customary motions seeking, among other things, authorization to meet its obligations to its employees. The Company expects to receive Court approval for these requests. Following an expeditious sale process, the Company plans to liquidate any remaining assets and undergo an orderly and efficient winddown of its operations.
        Additional information regarding the Company's Chapter 11 process is available at http://dm.epiq11.com/SunPower. Stakeholders with questions may call the Company's Claims Agent Epiq Restructuring Administration at (888) 410-9433 or +1 (971) 298-7638 if calling from outside the U.S. or email [email protected].
        Advisors: Kirkland & Ellis LLP and Richards, Layton & Finger, P.A. are serving as legal counsel to SunPower. Alvarez & Marsal North America, LLC is serving as transition officer and financial advisor to the Company, with Moelis & Company serving as the investment banker and C Street Advisory Group serving as its strategic communications advisor.
        DLA Piper LLP (US) and Arnold & Porter Kaye Scholer LLP are serving as legal counsel to Complete Solaria, with Ayna.AI LLC serving as its advisor.
        About SunPower: SunPower (NASDAQ:SPWR) is a leading solar, storage and energy services provider in North America. SunPower offers solar + storage solutions designed and warranted by one company that gives customers control over electricity consumption and resiliency during power outages while providing cost savings to homeowners. For more information, visitwww.sunpower.com.
!END

!STD
Significant Mineral Resource Upgrade at Shaakichiuwaanaan Lithium Project to Underpin Impending PEA

        Darren L. Smith, Vice President of Exploration, comments: "This is a significant update to our Mineral Resource Estimate at Shaakichiuwaanaan, which now includes both the CV5 and CV13 spodumene pegmatites as well as a significant amount of resources now classified as Indicated. This resource update objectively reaffirms the Tier 1 nature of the spodumene pegmatites that define the Shaakichiuwaanaan Project. Further, with both the CV5 and CV13 pegmatites remaining open, as well as multiple spodumene pegmatite clusters on the Property still to be drill tested, significant potential for further resource growth is evident."
        "Exploration success in this industry is never less than a team effort. In this regard, I would like to acknowledge the dedication, work ethic, and contributions from the exploration and development teams, our supporting service providers and consultants, and finally our Chisasibi community workers who have all helped advance Shaakichiuwaanaan through to this key milestone on the path to potential production," added Mr. Smith.  
        Ken Brinsden, President, CEO, and Managing Director, comments: "This is a significant accomplishment for our team and a major milestone for the Company as we cement the Shaakichiuwaanaan Lithium Project's position as one of the most important new hard rock lithium assets globally." 
        "The delivery of a substantial maiden Indicated Resource of over 80 million tonnes is a major milestone which will underpin development studies, while the continued growth of the overall resource – in conjunction with the Exploration Target announced separately today – highlights the Tier-1 scale of the mineral system and the enormous potential for further growth. I am immensely proud of our team members and consultants who continue to put a significant focus on safety and quality deliverables as we move forward through the various phases of development". 
        "As we advance towards a Preliminary Economic Assessment in the near-term for the Shaakichiuwaanaan Project, and further towards a Feasibility Study scheduled for completion Q3 2025, the Company is firmly positioned as a leading candidate to provide long-term spodumene supply to the North American and European markets," added Mr. Brinsden.  
        Patriot Battery Metals Inc. (the "Company" or "Patriot") (TSX: PMET) (ASX: PMT) (OTCQX: PMETF) (FSE: R9GA) is pleased to announce an updated consolidated Mineral Resource Estimate ("MRE" or "Consolidated MRE") for the CV5 and CV13 spodumene pegmatites at its 100%-owned Shaakichiuwaanaan Property (the "Property" or "Project") – formerly known as Corvette – located in the Eeyou Istchee James Bay region of Quebec. The CV5 Spodumene Pegmatite is situated approximately 13.5 km south of the regional and all–weather Trans-Taiga Road and powerline infrastructure corridor, and is accessible year-round by all-season road. The CV13 Spodumene Pegmatite is located approximately 3 km west-southwest of CV5.
        The updated Consolidated MRE for the Shaakichiuwaanaan Project includes both the CV5 and CV13 spodumene pegmatites for a total of 80.1 Mt at 1.44% Li2O Indicated and 62.5 Mt at 1.31% Li2O Inferred, for 4.88 Mt contained lithium carbonate equivalent ("LCE") (Table 1, Figure 1, and Figure 2). Presented by resource location/name, this MRE includes 78.6 Mt at 1.43% Li2O Indicated and 43.3 Mt at 1.25% Li2O Inferred at CV5, and 1.5 Mt at 1.62% Li2O Indicated and 19.1 Mt at 1.46% Li2O Inferred at CV13. The cut-off grade is variable depending on the mining method and pegmatite (see footnotes in Table 1 for details). Mineral Resources are not Mineral Reserves as they do not have demonstrated economic viability
        The Consolidated MRE for the Shaakichiuwaanaan Project, including that of the CV5 Pegmatite on its own, reaffirms it – by a wide margin – as the largest lithium pegmatite Mineral Resource in the Americas and 8th largest globally (Figure 1, Figure 2, Appendix 2, and Appendix 3). These metrics and context firmly reaffirm and entrench the Project as a Tier 1, world class lithium pegmatite asset.
        A primary objective of the drilling completed subsequent to the July 2023 MRE, was to target a significant upgrade from Inferred resources to Indicated resources, which correlates to a more robust Mineral Resource with higher confidence classification. As a result, in addition to the overall size of the MRE increasing compared to the maiden MRE (see news release dated July 30, 2023), a significant amount of the resource has now been classified as Indicated (80.1 Mt at 1.44% Li2O) compared to no Indicated resources being classified in the maiden MRE.
        The Consolidated MRE statement for the Shaakichiuwaanaan Project, presented in Table 1, includes only the CV5 and CV13 spodumene pegmatites, which remain open at both ends along strike and to depth along most of their length. Therefore, this Consolidated MRE does not include any of the other known spodumene pegmatite clusters on the Property – CV4, CV8, CV9, CV10, CV12, and CV14 (Figure 3 and Figure 33). Collectively, this highlights a considerable potential for resource growth through continued drill exploration at the Property.
!END

!STD
Exploration Target for the Shaakichiuwaanaan Lithium Project Outlines District Scale Opportunity, Quebec, Canada

        Wednesday - August 07: (RWE) - Patriot Battery Metals Inc. (the "Company" or "Patriot") (TSX: PMET) (ASX: PMT) (OTCQX: PMETF) (FSE: R9GA) is pleased to announce a maiden Exploration Target for its 100%-owned Shaakichiuwaanaan Property (the "Property" or "Project") – formerly known as Corvette – located in the Eeyou Istchee James Bay region of Quebec, which is accessible year-round by all-season road and is proximal to major regional powerline infrastructure.
        The Exploration Target (also known as a "Target for Further Exploration") for the Shaakichiuwaanaan Project is approximately:
        The potential quantity and grade of the Exploration Target are conceptual in nature. There has been insufficient exploration to define a Mineral Resource and it is uncertain if further exploration will result in the target being delineated as a Mineral Resource. The Exploration Target has been determined based on the interpretation of a consolidated dataset of surface rock sample descriptions and assays, outcrop mapping and descriptions, drill hole logs and core sample assays, geophysical surveys, and remote sensing data (refer to "Methodology of Determination for the Exploration Target" below for more information about the base on which the disclosed potential quantity and grade has been determined).
        The Exploration Target has been completed in accordance with National Instrument 43-101 – Standards of Disclosure for Mineral Projects ("NI 43-101") and the Australasian Code for Reporting of Exploration Results, Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves, 2012 Edition ("JORC"). BBA Engineering Ltd., a consultant who is independent of the Company, completed the Exploration Target.
        The Exploration Target for the Project is exclusive of (i.e., does not include) the Shaakichiuwaanaan MRE, announced concurrently by the Company (see news release dated August 5, 2024), and only considers the CV Lithium Trend and immediately proximal areas (Figure 1). The Exploration Target has been presented as an approach to assess the potential endowment of the Project or the potential to host additional Mineral Resources of lithium pegmatite, subject to the success of future mineral exploration at the Property, and outside of that already defined.  
        In its second MRE1 (80.1 Mt at 1.44% Li2O Indicated and 62.5 Mt at 1.31% Li2O Inferred, see news release dated August 5, 2024), the Shaakichiuwaanaan Project is already firmly established – by a wide margin – as the largest lithium pegmatite MRE in the Americas and 8th largest globally. With the determination of this accompanying Exploration Target, which is exclusive of (i.e., does not include) the MRE, the Project has been further distinguished on the global stage with respect to its district scale lithium pegmatite potential to drive exploration in future years.
        The Company intends to test the validity of the Exploration Target in future exploration programs at the Project, beginning in 2025 and extending over a several year period. Systematic diamond drilling (NQ core size) of the known spodumene pegmatite clusters and corridors between and proximal (Figure 1), which collectively form the basis of the Exploration Target, will be the primary method of exploration.
        The Exploration Target has been completed by BBA Engineering Ltd. ("BBA"), a consultant independent of the Company. The basis on which the quantity and grade of the Exploration Target has been determined includes a review and interpretation of an extensive Property-scale dataset of surface rock sample descriptions and assays (>1,500 grab, chip, and channel samples), pegmatite outcrop mapping and descriptions (>1,000 outcrops/observations), drill hole logs and core sample assays, geophysical surveys (magnetics, IP-resistivity), and remote sensing data (LiDAR and orthophoto).
!END

!STD
News/Media Alliance Urges International Trade Commission (ITC) to Reject Tariffs on Printing Plates that Will Lead to Newspaper Closures, Journalism Job Losses

        Wednesday - August 07: (RWE) - The News/Media Alliance today urged the International Trade Commission (ITC) to reject antidumping (AD) and countervailing duties (CVD) on imports of aluminum lithographic printing plates from Japan and China. These duties were preliminarily imposed earlier this year at an excessive rate of 200% (China) and 87% (Japan) to these aluminum printing plates, which are used in the United States to print newspapers, magazines, books, and other printed materials. On September 12, 2024, the ITC will hold a hearing to decide whether to continue to allow these duties, which would have a devastating impact on the news industry.
        "A decision by the federal government to impose new tariffs on aluminum printing plates would threaten news publishers' critical news-gathering missions, put American jobs at risk, and cause additional news outlets to shutter, contributing to expanding news deserts across the country," said News/Media Alliance President & CEO Danielle Coffey. "The news and publishing industries are already operating in a challenging economic environment and the future of quality journalism is in peril. We urge the ITC to reject new antidumping and countervailing duties on aluminum printing plates, which would only accelerate the disappearance of quality local journalism, at a time when we need it more than ever."
        Following imposition of the tariffs, news publishers immediately began feeling the impact. Many newsrooms in the U.S. rely on printing technology that requires violet plates, which are not produced in the U.S., or thermal plates, which are produced in the U.S., Europe, Japan, and China. Prohibitive duties on thermal plate imports from Japan and China would place newsrooms' supply chain at risk because the duties would be passed on from suppliers, directly hitting a publisher's bottom line. Equally concerning is the impact the import duties would have on limiting access to equipment maintenance, availability of parts, and healthy price negotiation in a fragile industry.
        "Local news is the lifeblood of our communities and preserving quality local journalism supports a healthy democracy. When newspapers close, there is a community-wide negative impact – civic engagement decreases, corruption increases, and combatting misinformation becomes more difficult, which is particularly critical in an election year. This impact is disproportionately borne by vulnerable communities, including rural communities and communities of color," added Coffey. "The Alliance will continue to fight the proposed duties on printing plates, which would disrupt the flow of news and information to communities that rely on printed newspapers throughout the country."
        A recent report from the Medill School of Journalism at Northwestern University found that one-third of the newspapers that existed in the U.S. in 2005 would be gone by 2024. Newspapers are closing at a rate of more than two per week. According to the same report, residents in more than half of U.S. counties have no, or very limited, access to reliable local news. There are 204 counties without any local news outlets and 1,562 counties with only one remaining news source.
        The News/Media Alliance is a nonprofit organization representing more than 2,200 news, magazine, and digital media organizations and their multiplatform businesses in the United States and globally. Alliance members include print and digital publishers of original journalism. Headquartered just outside Washington, D.C., the association focuses on ensuring the future of journalism through communication, research, advocacy, and innovation. Information about the News/Media Alliance can be found at www.newsmediaalliance.org.
!END

!STD
Iron Ore Market size is set to grow by USD 57.5 billion from 2024-2028, Upsurge in consumption of high-strength iron ore and steel to boost the market growth, Technavio

        Wednesday - August 07: (RWE) - The global iron ore market size is estimated to grow by USD 57.5 billion from 2024-2028, according to Technavio. The market is estimated to grow at a CAGR of 3.2% during the forecast period. Upsurge in consumption of high-strength iron ore and steel is driving market growth, with a trend towards economic growth in China and India boosting demand for stainless steel. However, high capital investment market poses a challenge. Key market players include Anglo American plc, Ansteel Group Corp. Ltd., ArcelorMittal SA, Atlas Iron Pty Ltd., BCI Minerals Ltd., BHP Group plc, China Hanking Holdings Ltd., Cleveland Cliffs Inc., Eurasian Resources Group Sarl, Ferrexpo Plc, Fortescue Metals Group Ltd., GFG Alliance, KIOCL Ltd., Luossavaara Kiirunavaara AB, Metinvest BV, Mideast Integrated Steel Ltd., Mount Gibson Iron Ltd., NMDC Ltd., Rio Tinto Ltd., and Vale SA.
        Get a detailed analysis on regions, market segments, customer landscape, and companies - Click for the snapshot of this report
        Product (Fines, Pellets, Lump, and HBI/DRI), Source (Surface mining and Underground mining), and Geography (APAC, Europe, South America, North America, and Middle East and Africa)
        Anglo American plc, Ansteel Group Corp. Ltd., ArcelorMittal SA, Atlas Iron Pty Ltd., BCI Minerals Ltd., BHP Group plc, China Hanking Holdings Ltd., Cleveland Cliffs Inc., Eurasian Resources Group Sarl, Ferrexpo Plc, Fortescue Metals Group Ltd., GFG Alliance, KIOCL Ltd., Luossavaara Kiirunavaara AB, Metinvest BV, Mideast Integrated Steel Ltd., Mount Gibson Iron Ltd., NMDC Ltd., Rio Tinto Ltd., and Vale SA
        The iron ore market is significantly influenced by the industrial growth of China and India, two of the world's largest crude steel producers. China's economy and infrastructure development have been the primary drivers for the country's iron ore demand. The construction and manufacturing sectors have witnessed robust growth, fueling the need for iron ore. India is also a major consumer of iron ore, with its industrialization and expanding automotive and construction industries contributing to the market's growth. The availability of raw materials, skilled labor, and cost-effectiveness in both countries further bolsters the iron ore market. Additionally, the growth of process industries such as automobile, chemical, paper, and pulp is propelling the global iron ore market's expansion. The increasing infrastructure projects for roads, highways, and railways, along with the industrial sector's continued growth, will lead to a rise in per capita iron ore consumption in these high-growth economies. Overall, China and India's industrialization and infrastructure development will continue to drive the demand for iron ore, contributing to the market's growth during the forecast period. 
        The global Iron Ore market is witnessing significant trends in various sectors. Impurities in iron ore are a major concern for foundries, leading to research for improving the quality of lump iron ore and iron ore fines. Energy storage and iron catalyst industries are exploring the use of iron ore as a key material. Sinter plants and blast furnaces are focusing on increasing productivity by enhancing blast furnace capacity and optimizing the use of coke breeze. Steel mills are in high demand for manufacturing purposes, with steel being a crucial material in the building industry for foundations, steel plates, galvanized sheets, wire rope, and more. Coking coal and oxygen are essential components in the steelmaking process. The mining practice of extracting iron minerals like hematite, magnetite, and goethite from the Earth's crust continues to be a nonrenewable resource intensive process. The automotive and transportation industries rely heavily on iron ore for car bodies and various components. 
!END

!STD
Process Analyzer Market size is set to grow by USD 2.07 billion from 2024-2028, Capacity additions in major end-user industries boost the market, Technavio

        Wednesday - August 07: (RWE) - The global process analyzer market size is estimated to grow by USD 2.07 billion from 2024-2028, according to Technavio. The market is estimated to grow at a CAGR of 4.5% during the forecast period. Capacity additions in major end-user industries is driving market growth, with a trend towards vendors introducing portable process analyzers. However, low adoption by small-scale industrial facilities in developing countries poses a challenge. Key market players include ABB Ltd., Agilent Technologies Inc., AMETEK Inc., Aneolia SARL, Bruker Corp., Danaher Corp., Emerson Electric Co., Endress Hauser Group Services AG, Honeywell International Inc., KROHNE Messtechnik GmbH, Metrohm AG, Mettler Toledo International Inc., Modcon Systems Ltd., Perkin Elmer Inc., Schneider Electric SE, Siemens AG, Spectris Plc, Teledyne Analytical Instruments, Testo SE and Co. KGaA, Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc., and Yokogawa Electric Corp..
        Get a detailed analysis on regions, market segments, customer landscape, and companies- View the snapshot of this report
        ABB Ltd., Agilent Technologies Inc., AMETEK Inc., Aneolia SARL, Bruker Corp., Danaher Corp., Emerson Electric Co., Endress Hauser Group Services AG, Honeywell International Inc., KROHNE Messtechnik GmbH, Metrohm AG, Mettler Toledo International Inc., Modcon Systems Ltd., Perkin Elmer Inc., Schneider Electric SE, Siemens AG, Spectris Plc, Teledyne Analytical Instruments, Testo SE and Co. KGaA, Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc., and Yokogawa Electric Corp.
        Process analyzers, specifically combustion or emission analyzers, are becoming increasingly portable, with vendors investing in developing software for portable devices. For instance, TECsoft, a testing and emission compliance software from Testo SE & Co. KGaA, enhances the capabilities of the testo 350 portable emission analyzer. Portable analyzers enable on-site sample analysis, reducing the risk of foreign elements introduction and human negligence. Vendors plan to launch more portable analyzers by 2026, offering cost savings as they eliminate the need for specialized equipment and laboratory transportation. Portable analyzers are expected to become more prevalent due to their convenience, accuracy, and cost benefits. 
        The Process Analyzer Market is experiencing significant growth in various industries, particularly in drug development and bioprocessing for pharmaceutical manufacturing. Analytical instruments play a crucial role in research and development, ensuring quality and compliance with environmental regulations. Freshwater availability and climatic changes are driving the need for innovative solutions in water supply, rainwater harvesting, and wastewater treatment. Gas analyzers are essential for monitoring pollutant levels and maintaining safe drinking water. Reliability, accuracy, and process measurements are key features sought after by laboratories and industries. Protected cabinets, cooling capabilities, power efficiency, and low power consumption are important considerations for installation. Compliance with environmental regulations and emissions standards is a priority. Temperature, pressure, flow rates, and chemical composition are essential process measurements. Process enhancement and safety are crucial for handling hazardous substances. Documentation and reporting are also important for regulatory compliance. 
!END

!STD
Emera Announces Sale of New Mexico Gas Company to Bernhard Capital Partners

        Wednesday - August 07: (RWE) - Emera Inc. ("Emera") (TSX:EMA), an international energy and services company, today announced it has entered into an agreement to sell its wholly owned operating company, New Mexico Gas Company, Inc. (NMGC), to Bernhard Capital Partners ("BCP"), a services and infrastructure-focused private equity management firm, for an aggregate transaction value of $1.252 billion USD, including the assumption of approximately $500 million USD of debt and subject to customary closing adjustments.
        "This transaction strengthens Emera's balance sheet, supports our ambitious capital plan and reinforces our strategic decision to optimize our portfolio and reallocate capital to our highest growth markets to drive long-term value for our shareholders," says Scott Balfour, President and CEO, Emera Inc. "New Mexico Gas is a strong regulated utility with a customer-focused team. We're proud of the work we have done together over the past eight years to drive customer growth and enable more than $800 million USD in strategic capital investments to expand and maintain a safe, reliable system that will serve New Mexicans for decades to come."
        Emera acquired NMGC as part of its acquisition of the TECO group of companies in 2016. Under Emera's ownership, NMGC has grown and remains the largest natural gas utility in New Mexico, serving over 545,000 customers and safely managing more than 12,000 miles of transmission and distribution pipelines.
        "As an operator of premium electric and gas utilities in high-growth jurisdictions, we have compelling opportunities ahead of us, driven by electrification, decarbonization and the need for increased resilience against climate-related challenges," adds Balfour. "We will move forward to execute on these opportunities with a stronger balance sheet, a more focused operating model and a disciplined capital investment plan." 
        The purchase price and transaction value respectively represent approximately 23x last 12 months earnings and 1.42x rate base. Estimated after-tax net proceeds of approximately $750 million USD will be used to repay holding company debt and support its investment opportunities in its regulated utility businesses. The transaction is expected to improve the company's CFO to debt metrics by 50 bps and reduce its proportion of holding company leverage by 200 bps.
        "This investment directly aligns with Bernhard Capital's strategy to invest in infrastructure assets and utilities that are critical to building more resilient communities," says Jeff Jenkins, Founder and Partner at Bernhard Capital Partners. "We value the strong history of New Mexico Gas Company and are committed to retaining the invaluable institutional knowledge of its employees. The leadership team and all employees will remain in place after closing, and we anticipate creating approximately 70 new, local jobs. Our priority is ensuring the continuation of reliable, affordable natural gas service to customers and communities across the state. This agreement also reinforces our commitment to fostering economic opportunities and growth in New Mexico. Albuquerque-based Strategic Management Solutions (SMSI), another BCP portfolio company, has operated in New Mexico for 25 years and generated both positive economic growth and job opportunities across the state." 
        BCP has an extensive operation footprint across the United States. It also recently announced agreements to acquire multiple leading natural gas LDCs that serve communities in the Gulf South. To date, BCP has invested in nearly 70 companies across 20 platforms, including several utility companies, that collectively employ approximately 20,000 people globally.
        The transaction is subject to regulatory approval by the New Mexico Public Regulation Commission ("NMPRC") and pursuant to the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act. The transaction is expected to close in late 2025, but will not close before September 30, 2025, unless otherwise authorized by the NMPRC.
        J.P. Morgan Securities LLC is acting as exclusive financial advisor to Emera in this transaction. Davis Polk & Wardwell LLP is serving as Emera's legal advisor. Jefferies LLC is serving as the exclusive financial advisor to Bernhard Capital with Kirkland & Ellis LLP serving as their legal advisor.
!END

!STD
PG&E and The PG&E Corporation Foundation Support Local and Statewide Nonprofits Responding to Park Fire

        Wednesday - August 07: (RWE) - As the Park Fire –now one of the largest in state history—continues to threaten homes and communities in Butte, Plumas, Shasta and Tehama counties, Pacific Gas and Electric Company (PG&E) and The PG&E Corporation Foundation (The Foundation) are providing charitable funding for emergency shelter, food and other needs.
        PG&E and The Foundation are contributing $50,000 to the North Valley Community Foundation which provides grants to other nonprofit groups to support immediate fire response needs; $35,000 to the North Valley Animal Disaster Group for evacuation and shelter of small and large animals; and are working with several other community groups in the impacted counties that have requested funding.
        "Our hearts are broken for the communities impacted by this fire, and we're sensitive to the trauma that all residents in the North Valley are suffering," said Alexa Benson-Valavanis, North Valley Community Foundation president and CEO. "We know there will be both immediate and long-term needs as a result of the Park Fire, and we will be here for as long as it takes. We cannot thank PG&E Foundation enough for its generosity to help in that difficult recovery."
        These charitable contributions are part of a larger $950,000 charitable funding commitment to bolster wildfire preparedness, relief and recovery efforts in PG&E's service area this wildfire season. So far this year, 778,000 acres have burned in California wildfires. That's compared to nearly 26,000 acres total last year, and 166,200 acres on average the past five years.
        Funding for local nonprofits and community-based organizations prioritizes immediate response needs, food insecurity and assistance for youth, focused on underserved communities. This commitment supports PG&E's and The Foundation's goals of preparing communities for natural disasters and responding to hometowns in need.
        "Sadly, many people impacted by the Park Fire have experienced devastating wildfires before. We're grateful to those on the frontlines – the courageous firefighters working to save homes and put out the fire, and the nonprofits and their many volunteers who give care and comfort to those who've had to evacuate or lost their homes," said Joe Wilson, PG&E Vice President, North Valley and Sierra.
        In addition to the $950,000 to support wildfire relief and recovery efforts in 2024, The Foundation is giving up to $750,000 to the American Red Cross (Red Cross) to support fire safety preparedness in PG&E's service area through mid-2025, primarily in elevated and extreme high wildfire risk communities, and for emergency response when wildfires erupt.
        "Keeping our customers and communities safe is PG&E's most important responsibility. When disaster strikes, our crews are working round-the-clock to restore power, just as our partners at the American Red Cross are providing basic needs like shelter and food to those impacted by the fire. And together, we're there for the long-haul, helping communities recover and rebuild," said Mark Quinlan, PG&E Senior Vice President, Wildfire and Emergency Operations and American Red Cross Northern California Coastal Region Board Member.
        "PG&E's support of our disaster relief work is crucial to making our mission possible, especially during large events like the Park Fire," said Hanna Malak, regional CEO of the Northern California Coastal Region. "Equally as important is our work around preventing fires, both inside and outside the home. The Foundation's gift toward fire safety and preparedness will go a long way toward helping the Red Cross fortify our communities against disasters like home fires. We are grateful for their support."
        Currently, The Foundation funding is helping serve Park Fire evacuees in a Red Cross shelter in Tehama county. More information on open Red Cross shelters throughout California is available here. You can donate to the American Red Cross relief efforts here.
!END

!STD
Quaker Houghton Announces Second Quarter 2024 Results

        Wednesday - August 07: (RWE) - Quaker Houghton ("the Company") (NYSE: KWR), the global leader in industrial process fluids, announced its second quarter 2024 results today. 
        Net income attributable to Quaker Chemical Corporation common shareholders – diluted
        *   Refer to the Non-GAAP Measures and Reconciliations section below for additional information
        Net sales in the second quarter of 2024 were $463.6 million, a decline of approximately 6% compared to $495.4 million in the second quarter of 2023.  This result was primarily due to a decrease in selling price and product mix of approximately 4%, a decline in sales volumes of approximately 1% and an unfavorable impact from foreign currency translation of 1%.  The decrease in selling price and product mix was primarily attributable to our index-based customer contracts.  The decline in sales volumes was primarily attributable to a continuation of soft end market conditions, primarily in the EMEA and Americas segments, partially offset by an improvement in volumes in the Asia/Pacific segment and new business wins across all segments.
        The Company reported net income in the second quarter of 2024 of $34.9 million, or $1.94 per diluted share, compared to net income of $29.3 million, or $1.63 per diluted share, in the second quarter of 2023.  Excluding non-recurring and non-core items in each period, the Company's non-GAAP net income and earnings per diluted share were $38.2 million and $2.13 respectively in the second quarter of 2024 compared to $34.8 million and $1.93 respectively in the prior year.  The Company generated adjusted EBITDA of $84.3 million in the second quarter of 2024, an increase of 5% compared to $80.2 million in the second quarter of 2023, primarily driven by an improvement in gross margins in all segments compared to the prior year. 
        Andy Tometich, Chief Executive Officer and President, commented, "Quaker Houghton achieved solid results in the second quarter, demonstrating the resilience of our business and delivering year-over-year and sequential earnings growth.  We continue to outperform our end markets, driven by the team's focus and execution, earning profitable new business by enhancing our customer's operations.  Segment margins have also improved year-over-year for the 8th consecutive quarter, helping to mitigate the continued soft end market conditions, primarily in the Americas and EMEA regions.
        "Looking ahead, we expect to deliver another year of earnings growth in 2024, despite the challenging end market environment which will likely persist through the end of the year.  We remain committed to advancing our enterprise strategy, enhancing our capabilities, and strengthening our leading portfolio of products and technical capabilities to drive efficiencies and further reinforce the relationship with our customers.  Our balance sheet and cash flow generation are strong, which support our balanced capital allocation strategy and we are well positioned to accelerate our long-term growth initiatives and drive value creation."
        The Company's second quarter 2024 operating performance for each of its three reportable segments: (i) Americas; (ii) EMEA; and (iii) Asia/Pacific, is further described below. 
        *   Refer to the Segment Measures and Reconciliations section below for additional information
        Net sales in the Americas segment declined in the second quarter of 2024 compared to the same period in 2023 primarily due to a decline in both sales volumes and selling price and product mix.  Net sales in the EMEA segment declined in the second quarter of 2024 compared to the same period in 2023 primarily due to a decline in selling price and an unfavorable impact of foreign currency translation.  Net sales in the Asia/Pacific segment increased in the second quarter of 2024 compared to the same period in 2023 primarily due to an increase in sales volumes, partially offset by a decline in selling price and product mix and an unfavorable impact of foreign currency translation.
!END

!STD
ONE Gas Announces Second Quarter 2024 Financial Results; Reaffirms 2024 Financial Guidance

        Wednesday - August 07: (RWE) - ONE Gas, Inc. (NYSE: OGS) today announced its second quarter financial results and reaffirmed its 2024 financial guidance.
        "The first half of 2024 was in line with our expectations, with active rate cases and interim filings progressing well in all jurisdictions," said Robert S. McAnnally, president and chief executive officer. "We head into the second half of the year with positive momentum and remain focused on executing our strategic plan and safely serving our customers."
        ONE Gas reported operating income of $69.4 million in the second quarter 2024, compared with $64.0 million in the second quarter 2023, which primarily reflects:
        Excluding interest related to KGSS-I securitized bonds, net interest expense increased $10.0 million for the three months ending June 30, 2024, due primarily to the issuance of $300 million of
        5.10 percent senior notes in December 2023 and the repayment of $300 million of 3.61 percent senior notes and $473 million of 1.10 percent senior notes in February and March 2024, respectively, with commercial paper.
        Income tax expense includes a credit for amortization of the regulatory liability associated with excess deferred income taxes (EDIT) of $1.8 million and $3.1 million for the three months ended June 30, 2024, and 2023, respectively.
        Capital expenditures and asset removal costs were $194.6 million for the second quarter 2024 compared with $190.2 million in the same period last year, primarily representing expenditures for system integrity and extension of service to new areas.
        Operating income for the six-month 2024 period was $215.3 million, compared with $213.3 million in 2023, which primarily reflects:
        Weather across the service territories for the six-month 2024 period was 13 percent warmer than normal and 6 percent warmer than the same period last year. The impact on operating income was mitigated by weather normalization mechanisms.
        Excluding interest related to KGSS-I securitized bonds, net interest expense increased $11.7 million for the six months ended June 30, 2024. Interest expense was primarily impacted by the conversion of the two debt maturities in the first quarter 2024 to commercial paper with a higher weighted average interest rate and the issuance of $300 million of 5.10 percent senior notes in December 2023.
!END

!STD
ONEOK Announces Higher Second Quarter 2024 Earnings; Affirms 2024 Financial Guidance

        Wednesday - August 07: (RWE) - ONEOK, Inc. (NYSE: OKE) today announced higher second quarter 2024 results and affirmed full-year 2024 financial guidance.
        "Strong financial and operational performance during the second quarter, supported by record Rocky Mountain region volumes on our system and acquisition-related synergies, provide momentum heading into the second half of 2024," said Pierce H. Norton II, ONEOK president and chief executive officer. "We continue to identify strategic growth opportunities across our system, including our recent NGL pipeline system acquisition in the Gulf Coast region and our announced refined products pipeline expansion to the greater Denver area.
        "Looking ahead to the remainder of the year, we expect favorable market fundamentals, strong performance across our operations and additional opportunities ahead," added Norton. "With our continued growth, we remain focused on operating safely, reliably and environmentally responsibly as we provide the essential energy services needed today and into the future." 
        (a) Amounts for the three months ended June 30, 2024, include a pre-tax net benefit of $53 million related to a gain on the sale of natural gas gathering and processing assets, resulting in a net benefit of 7 cents per diluted share after tax.
        (b) The six months ended June 30, 2023, includes $702 million related to the Medford incident, including a settlement gain of $779 million, offset partially by $77 million of third-party fractionation costs.
        (c) Adjusted earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization (adjusted EBITDA) is a non-GAAP measure. Beginning in 2023, ONEOK updated its calculation methodology of adjusted EBITDA to include adjusted EBITDA from unconsolidated affiliates. This change resulted in an additional $10 million and $26 million of adjusted EBITDA for the three and six months ended June 30, 2023, respectively.
        ONEOK reported second quarter 2024 net income and adjusted EBITDA of $780 million and $1.6 billion, respectively.
        Results were driven primarily by higher NGL and natural gas processing volumes in the Rocky Mountain region, increased transportation services in the Natural Gas Pipelines segment and contributions from the Refined Products and Crude segment.
        An asset sale in the Natural Gas Gathering and Processing segment also contributed a pre-tax net benefit of $53 million during the quarter. 
!END

!STD
Huntsman Announces Second Quarter 2024 Earnings

        Wednesday - August 07: (RWE) - Huntsman Corporation (NYSE: HUN) today reported second quarter 2024 results with revenues of $1,574 million, net income attributable to Huntsman of $22 million, adjusted net income attributable to Huntsman of $24 million and adjusted EBITDA of $131 million. 
        "Our second quarter 2024 was consistent with our expectations and represented a $50 million adjusted EBITDA improvement compared to the first quarter. Our sales volumes improved 9% year over year and we expect our growth comparisons to continue to be favorable in the second half of the year. That said, we do not expect global economic activity to change substantially from the current levels through the remainder of the third quarter. We will continue to control our costs, focus on cash flow and drive stronger sales volumes compared to 2023 with higher overall utilization rates. Our balance sheet is strong, and we will remain disciplined in our approach to allocating capital to strengthen our company for the long-term and return cash to shareholders."
        The decrease in revenues in our Polyurethanes segment for the three months ended June 30, 2024 compared to the same period of 2023 was primarily due to lower MDI average selling prices, partially offset by higher sales volumes. MDI average selling prices decreased primarily due to less favorable supply and demand dynamics. Sales volumes increased due to improved demand and share gains in certain markets. The decrease in segment adjusted EBITDA was primarily due to lower MDI average selling prices and lower equity earnings from our minority-owned joint venture in China, partially offset by lower raw materials costs and higher sales volumes.
        The decrease in revenues in our Performance Products segment for the three months ended June 30, 2024 compared to the same period of 2023 was primarily due to lower average selling prices, partially offset by higher sales volumes. Average selling prices decreased primarily due to competitive pressure, particularly in Europe and the Americas. Sales volumes increased primarily due to improvement in industrial activity as well as increased demand in coatings and adhesives and lubes markets. The decrease in segment adjusted EBITDA was primarily due to lower average selling prices and higher fixed costs, partially offset by higher sales volumes and lower raw materials costs.
        The decrease in revenues in our Advanced Materials segment for the three months ended June 30, 2024 compared to the same period of 2023 was primarily due to lower average selling prices, partially offset by higher sales volumes. Average selling prices decreased primarily due to unfavorable sales mix. Sales volumes increased in our aerospace and infrastructure markets driven by market recovery. The increase in segment adjusted EBITDA was primarily due to favorable variable margins resulting from lower raw materials costs, partially offset by higher fixed costs.
        For the three months ended June 30, 2024, adjusted EBITDA from Corporate and other was a loss of $47 million as compared to a loss of $38 million for the same period of 2023. The decrease in adjusted EBITDA from Corporate and other resulted primarily from an increase in corporate overhead costs and LIFO valuation losses, partially offset by a decrease in unallocated foreign currency exchange losses.
        During the three months ended June 30, 2024, our free cash flow from continuing operations was $5 million as compared to a use of cash of $11 million in the same period of 2023. As of June 30, 2024, we had approximately $1.3 billion of combined cash and unused borrowing capacity.
        During the three months ended June 30, 2024, we spent $50 million on capital expenditures from continuing operations as compared to $51 million in the same period of 2023.  During 2024, we expect to spend between approximately $180 million to $200 million on capital expenditures.
        In the second quarter of 2024, our effective tax rate was 30% and our adjusted effective tax rate was 23%. We expect our 2024 adjusted effective tax rate to be approximately 30% to 34%. We expect our long-term adjusted effective tax rate to be approximately 22% to 24%.
!END

!STD
Prologue Expands Strategy And Public Affairs Capabilities With New Leadership Talent

        Wednesday - August 07: (RWE) - Strategic advisory firm Prologue has hired Jordan Langdon as senior director of client experience. Langdon joins the firm's growing senior team and further expands its highly regarded strategic positioning and public affairs capabilities.
        Langdon comes to Prologue's Washington, DC office from the global reputation management firm, Purple Strategies, where she led high-stakes public affairs and reputation engagements for Fortune 500 corporations across a broad range of industries.
        "It's a privilege to join this team in a role designed to shape compelling experiences for clients," said Langdon.
        In this newly created role, Langdon brings over a decade of experience in both the corporate and political arenas, leading proactive positioning, public affairs campaigns, issues management, crisis response and thought leadership engagements in energy, healthcare, biodefense, consumer goods and global manufacturing. She previously worked with U.S. Sen. Jerry Moran of Kansas and U.S. Rep. Jeff Denham of California.
        "As a boutique firm, we uniquely understand the importance of having smart, responsive and experienced strategists, public affairs leaders and policy experts," said Clare Thomas Maher, Prologue's managing partner and corporate practice lead. "In hiring Jordan we continue to build out a senior team of consultants with the kind of insights and talent that are invaluable to our clients."
        "One of the most exciting elements of Prologue is that the firm has been built from the ground up to deliver business and advocacy strategy through the lens of reputation," commented Langdon. "It's a privilege to join this team in a role designed to shape compelling experiences for an esteemed set of clients."
        Prologue is a strategic advisory firm that helps businesses and organizations drive and advocate their highest reputation and positioning priorities on complex issues and in high-stakes environments. Prologue's client roster includes many of the best-known global brands and the most prominent U.S. industry trade groups. Prologue's flagship services include reputation counsel, narrative development, thought leadership engagement, advocacy strategy, public affairs campaigns and issues and crisis management.
!END

!STD
Just Transition Fund Supports Two Winning Applications in Economic Development Administration (EDA)'s Distressed Area Recompete Pilot Program, Totaling $76 Million Investment in Hard-Hit Rural and Tribal Coal Communities

        Wednesday - August 07: (RWE) - The Just Transition Fund (JTF), the only national philanthropic initiative focused solely on coal community economic transition, is pleased to announce support through its Federal Access Center for two of the six winners of Economic Development Administration (EDA)'s Distressed Area Recompete Pilot Program. The JTF supported winning applications led by Shaping Our Appalachian Region (SOAR) of Pikeville, KY and Wind River Development Fund of Wind River Indian Reservation, WY.
        The Recompete Pilot Program is investing $184 million in distressed areas of the country to support community-driven economic and workforce development solutions, including good-paying jobs to close the prime age employment gap.
        "There is no single silver bullet when it comes to diversifying an economy," said Heidi Binko, Co-Founder and Chief Executive Officer of the JTF. "EDA, through the Recompete Pilot Program, understands this complexity and developed an innovative and comprehensive approach to empower communities to strengthen their economies by investing in various sectors and solutions."
        The Eastern Kentucky Runway Recompete Plan, led by SOAR, won the highest award of $40 million and supports the construction of two new healthcare training facilities, creates a social enterprise accelerator supporting business formation, and establishes a collaborative support network for 12 of the most coal-impacted counties in Appalachian Kentucky.
        "This investment is a game-changer for Eastern Kentucky, an area of the country that has suffered from the decline of its dominant industry," said Colby Hall, Executive Director of SOAR. "The funding provided through Recompete will help us grow our economy, encourage entrepreneurship, and create a better quality of life for our residents."
        Wind River Development Fund was awarded the second highest award at $36 million for the Wind River Indigenous-based Economy Recompete Plan, emphasizing a holistic, Indigenous led approach to addressing the prime-age employment gap by leveraging existing resources and strengthening Native sovereignty while creating an equitable economy based on Indigenous values.
        "Securing this funding marks a significant milestone for the communities on the Wind River Indian Reservation," said Paul F. Huberty, Executive Director of the Wind River Development Fund. "Persistent poverty and other barriers have kept communities and businesses from creating jobs. We proposed unique solutions that will strengthen Native sovereignty while creating a new economic engine in the region. We are so happy that the EDA heard our story and that they are partnering with us on this new path forward."
        More than 200 applicants submitted proposals for Phase 1, and 22 finalists were selected for Phase 2. The JTF supported five of the 22 finalists and two were selected as winners. The JTF provided SOAR with $370,000 to support matching funds and cover application development costs and provided Wind River Development Fund with $100,000 to cover application development costs.
        As a hybrid initiative - part grantmaker, part catalyst - the JTF supports locally led initiatives that empower coal-dependent communities to navigate complex transitions and promote sustainable, equitable, and low-carbon solutions for a resilient future. Through its Federal Access Center, the JTF helps coal communities overcome barriers to accessing historic amounts of federal funding to strengthen and diversify local economies.
        About the Just Transition Fund: The Just Transition Fund (JTF) launched in 2015 to help communities secure funding through the Obama administration's POWER Initiative, the first federal program aimed at helping communities impacted by the changing coal economy. The JTF has since evolved its approach to catalyze and support the national just transition movement more broadly, while helping more communities tap into an expanding number of federal funding opportunities. The JTF has developed a proven approach utilizing complementary grantmaking, technical assistance, and field-strengthening strategies, all of which are informed by a belief that the most sustainable solutions come from local leaders and are built from the ground up.
!END

!STD
Duke Energy prepares for Tropical Storm Debby in the Carolinas; encourages customers to plan ahead

        Wednesday - August 07: (RWE) - Duke Energy Carolinas is monitoring and preparing for the approaching tropical storm-like weather expected mid to late week.
        While the storm's projected path is not yet fully known, conditions are favorable for heavy rain and strong winds, which could lead to widespread outages. The company plans to have more than 6,100 skilled workers strategically placed and ready to respond as the storm moves through the Carolinas.
        "We are closely monitoring weather conditions and are making preparations to respond quickly and safely if needed," said Jason Hollifield, Duke Energy Carolinas storm director. "While the storm's path is still uncertain, we encourage our customers to plan in advance."
        For more tips on how to prepare for severe weather, please visit duke-energy.com/StormTips, and make sure to follow the instructions and warnings of emergency management officials in your area.
        Duke Energy CarolinasDuke Energy Carolinas, a subsidiary of Duke Energy, owns 20,700 megawatts of energy capacity, supplying electricity to 2.9 million residential, commercial and industrial customers across a 24,000-square-mile service area in North Carolina and South Carolina.
        Duke Energy: Duke Energy (NYSE: DUK), a Fortune 150 company headquartered in Charlotte, N.C., is one of America's largest energy holding companies. The company's electric utilities serve 8.4 million customers in North Carolina, South Carolina, Florida, Indiana, Ohio and Kentucky, and collectively own 54,800 megawatts of energy capacity. Its natural gas utilities serve 1.7 million customers in North Carolina, South Carolina, Tennessee, Ohio and Kentucky.
        Duke Energy is executing an ambitious clean energy transition, keeping reliability, affordability and accessibility at the forefront as the company works toward net-zero methane emissions from its natural gas business by 2030 and net-zero carbon emissions from electricity generation by 2050. The company is investing in major electric grid upgrades and cleaner generation, including expanded energy storage, renewables, natural gas and nuclear.
        More information is available at duke-energy.com and the Duke Energy News Center. Follow Duke Energy on Twitter, LinkedIn, Instagram and Facebook, and visit illumination for stories about the people and innovations powering our energy transition.
!END

